This week, after a round of expected and unexpected wins, happiness and outrage swept
the internet during the Game Awards, but perhaps the biggest surprise is who is not present.
There's much to cover as we enter the final month of the year, and it all starts right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on December the
6th of 2015 with episode number 623 of our show. My name is Rob Roberts, coming to you
live from Studio N7 in Sacramento, California, and we'll be here to talk about gaming, gaming
culture, and the gamer lifestyle. Here in studio with my co-host tonight, I only have
with me tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki. Hello. How are you doing, Loki? I'm doing
okay. Yeah? I know you were Ingersing a little bit before you came over here. Yeah, I bet.
She's like an hour and a half. I still, the whole fact that that used to be a thing that
you would, I don't know if you'd say make fun of me for, but you gave me a hard time
over is now something you probably play more of than me at this point. Maybe. I don't know.
I don't know. I mean, and it really was only during like, um, the double AP things, double
experience and, and now I'm at a level like where it's going to take a lot of time to
get to the next level, but there's, I don't know. I'm not like that. No, I, I, I'm totally
the, you know, like looking at maps and shit, you know, and driving the fucking Auburn for
no fucking reason. So I can't say that I'm not that into it because it is interesting
how that game gets you out and seeing the world. Like I've learned so many like backroads
in my community and places that I never knew existed. So I'll give the game that, you know,
for what it's worth. Yeah. So is that, but then I'm also like, Ooh, next weekend I'm
going to be in San Jose. I get to get all those uniques. I'm really excited. So, uh,
anyhow, not joining us tonight in studio, the one and only dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
She will not be joining us in studio tonight. She will join us via telephone later on, uh,
for one of her regular segments. Uh, she could not be here tonight as, um, something and
I guess I'll have to have her explain it later when she's here, but something about, she
kind of hurt herself. She was helping a friend move, uh, yesterday and I guess she can't
drive right now cause something, I don't know if she did something to her neck or something,
but anyway, uh, so she unfortunately couldn't get over to the studio tonight, but we will
be welcoming, welcoming her by phone later on. Uh, and if you want to call us on Skype,
you can later on in the show, we will open that up. Uh, you can also participate along
the show along with the show in our chat room. Uh, if you are listening live to us because
we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network, a vog network.com
six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black will show. And if you
do happen to be listening live, you should join our chat room live.vog network.com where
you can have a comment such as Akuma JP who says, telephone, what's that? I know it's
a, it's that other thing your cell phone does besides check Facebook and use apps. It's
that that old fashioned thing. Actually, it's funny that Akuma JP says that in our chat
room because I saw a pay phone the other day, like at a gas station, like a legit old school
pay phone. And I actually took a picture and I was like, what is this relic? It's just
really funny. Like how far technology's gone where, um, you know, I remember what 20 years
ago, it was a car phone, not really a flip phone or handheld. Maybe it was kind of right
around that transition, but a cellular telephone. That's right. A cellular telephone. And I
always, I, Oh, this is such an obscure reference, but I don't even care. I always think of that
movie Romy and Michelle's high school reunion, which is one of my favorites. Like it's one
of those like stupid comedies, but like, so stupid. It's, it's great. And there's a
whole scene involving a cell phone and it's like a gigantic, like brick looking phone.
And she goes, if anyone needs to make a call, I've got a phone. Cause she's trying to show
that she's like really successful at her high school reunion, even though, you know, they're,
they're unemployed or whatever the plot was. So derailed by a tangent. Yay. Uh, anyhow,
uh, you can join us via Skype. We'll open that up later on in the show, orange lounge
radio. I like, I like how it says, I don't know the way the Loki said it made me think
of a random bit in Kung free. Yes. That's cause that's exactly why I said it that way.
Because of everything in your life is Kung fury. Not everything, almost everything. It
should be. All right. But, and I don't think we were doing the show yet when this announcement
came out, one of my most favorite movies of all time, similar title Kung pow is getting
a sequel. Congratulations. I remember when you were obsessed with that movie. I want
to say it was when we were living together in the early days of OR. Oh, I don't even
know how many times I've seen that movie. It's ridiculous. But they're finally making
a sequel about damn time. Congratulations. Yes. That'll be, how long is this going to
take for the sequel to get a sequel? I don't know, but I've got enough movies lined up.
So I've got the Deadpool movie. I've got ready player one at some point and now Kung pow
2. Isn't that the theme of like this decade? I swear like, and it's like all things entertainment.
I mean, with television, uh, what twin peaks is coming back, which don't get me wrong.
I'm here for that. Cause I fricking love twin peaks, but uh, what X files is coming back
as well. You know, we have all these old TV shows that are coming back after a hiatus.
Um, and then, uh, the same thing's kind of happening with movies. Like you talked about
there, uh, and star Wars. Hell, I mean, most people figure, I wasn't that hyped about star
Wars. And then I watched, I actually watched like a fan clip where they took all the clips
from everything and tried to put it in like what they think is the chronological order.
I'm like, Ooh, that looks really cool. Yeah. Right. Right. Like I'm like, I got to watch
that now. I'm not, I always considered myself more of a Trek guy than a Wars guy. And, and
especially after you see the prequels, you're like, ah, I think, I think this might be done,
but I mean, I, I'm, I'm even kind of hyped about the new movie. Like I really want to
go see it. I don't know if I'll see it in the theater opening night cause uh, I think
there's going to be a lot of very loud people, but uh, I'll go see it, you know, during the
day on Christmas week or something. Who knows? I'll go see it a little bit later. Um, but
yeah, I'm excited about that. But then also since this is a video game podcast, hell,
what was one of the biggest things to come out of the PlayStation experience yesterday
was that update on the final fantasy seven remake and that, that new trailer. Did you
watch that trailer? Oh yes. Yeah. Yes. I, I was really surprised. Final fantasy seven
cross 13 basically. I don't even know versus cross 15 I think. Yeah, I'm sorry. That's
right. It's 15 now. Yeah, it's cross 15. Am I the only one that has a really hard time
at this point calling it a remake? I mean, it's not a remake. It's a reimagining to me.
It's the final fantasy seven reimagining. It's like we took the plot and the characters
and just call it final fantasy seven. I mean, by the time it comes out, just call it final
fantasy seven. Just like now they did like hit man and you know, in tomb Raider, you
don't need to like have seven remake. It's just, that's a good comparison. It's like
tomb Raider, like the new tomb Raider really had nothing in common with the old tomb Raider
besides Laura Croft. And she had kind of the same job. You know what I mean? Yeah. So,
but the new tomb Raider was obviously flipping fantastic. And I think, I don't know. I'm
super hyped after seeing the final fantasy seven reimagining trailer. Uh, I know some
people a little awkward with the battle system. I think we really don't know enough about
it. I think we're reading a lot into it from what we saw. It's awesome. Yeah. One of the
things about final fantasy has always been presentation. And I think, you know, the one
thing we didn't see in that trailer that we needed to see, that's going to really like,
I think maybe if people were really upset with what they saw in the battle system, we'll
bring them back. Summons. What was always the Epic part of a final fantasy games? Summons.
Right. So, uh, Knights of the brand. I'm going to go make a sandwich. Let's, let's hope the
summons are skippable this time for God's sake. They shouldn't be, you know, we'll see what
happens there. Uh, go into our chat for some other comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
Akuma JP says final fantasy seven reskin. When you say reskin, that makes me think, that makes
me think of, and I know we'll get into it later in the show, but that makes me think of what
they're doing to the PS2 games on PS4. It's like a little bit of a cosmetic upgrade and,
and kind of done. Uh, I don't know. Uh, let's see. SSG100Matt says, I think they're just
calling it final fantasy seven remake until they think of a creative name to call it something
else. I just hope they add like more to the game, like advent children or something like that,
like that whole storyline would be awesome. Well, but it's going to be the same story,
I think. So I think I I'm with you where they ought to just call it final fantasy seven,
but we all kind of know it's the remake. Unless you weren't old enough to know,
but the media's definitely let you know that this is a remake of an older game. I wonder
if Aerith's going to still die in this. No, that'll be the DLC expansion. She lives.
The Aerith revive potion for only $4.99. Who knows? Oh, Hey, cool. We can, you know,
get her limit breaks and whatever. I don't know. Well, anyway, speaking of that trailer,
uh, we're going to have joining us in studio in a little bit. Uh, Shane Alinko is going to join
us here. He's not here at the top of the show because he is driving back from San Francisco
right now. Um, so he's going to be joining us. I think he's, he's only about, you just texted me
and he's not that far away. So he should be here in probably about 15 minutes. He was actually at
PlayStation experience this weekend. So I, we want to talk to him about what it was like, um, to be
there at the show, the energy in the room, what we might not have seen on the stream. Um, I think
sometimes you can really see a lot when you're there in person that might not always come
through on a broadcast. Um, and I know he got hands on with a lot of the games. Uh, he actually
did get to play rez infinite in the full VR and he has some strong opinions on it. So we're gonna
talk to him about that, uh, in a little bit whenever he gets here. So, uh, we'll look forward to that.
So, uh, overall, did you follow the news out of PlayStation experience where you kind of, I had it
on a screen while I was taking phone calls cause I was at work. So I had it on my laptop screen. I
was kind of like occasionally trying to listen to it and stuff. So I didn't really follow it too
closely. Um, I thought that they showed, you know, it wasn't expecting a whole lot and I thought
they showed a lot more than, you know, I was expecting them to, I felt like they dropped more
bombshells last year. And I know I was commenting this to Shane and we were texting each other a
little bit during the thing. I was kinda like, I feel like they dropped more bombshells last year
and it was more of a like, like a action packed conference last year. But I admittedly, I'm
probably not being very fair because last year the bar was not a, it was the first time they ever
did it. So we had no expectations going into it. So when we heard about things like street fighter
five and you know, the things they announced last year, uh, the final fantasy seven first remake that
then they just kind of had as a footnote this year. Oh, by the way, if you wanted that, it's out
today. That whole thing, right? That was a big thing last year. Um, we didn't, weren't expecting
anything. I think this year now it was like a precedent's been set. So we knew to expect some
things. And I think in all fairness, I think it was about probably the same that they had last
year. Um, I know the Nino Cooney two thing caught a lot of people by surprise myself included. I
mean, I enjoyed the game and I know, I know that game is a VOG network in joke of sorts because
Bobby, um, our pal who's on before us here at VOG couldn't finish the demo. Yeah. Well, well, and
to be fair, the demo for Nino Cooney was terrible. It really was. Um, I took a chance on the game
anyway, and I'm glad, I'm glad I did because the full game explains things a lot better than the
demo did. Um, but I, I enjoyed the game, but I kind of wasn't expecting it to get a sequel. And so
the fact that they announced one genuinely surprised me. I kind of thought that wasn't going
to be a thing, but it is. So I guess, hooray, I'm sure Flacco Jones was doing cartwheels. Yeah, he
was there at the, uh, PlayStation experience as well. So I'm sure he was excited about that. I
don't think they had it playable by any means though. I think that was a very early announced
trailer. Probably. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Uh, well, let's get into, um, since Shane's still
not here yet, let's get into a kickoff topic tonight and then we'll get into our gaming week.
So, uh, Loki, another big of, I mean, PlayStation experience was one thing. Do you remember when
December was like no news month and it was like, well, we're just going to enjoy all the games that
came out in November and, uh, we'll have new games to talk about come March or so like that
dynamic has changed just in the past two years with PlayStation experience. And now another event
that has a lot of people talking about a certain moment, right? Loki, the game awards, uh, 2015,
they hosted it again this year and streamed it live on the internet. I didn't actually get to
watch it live because I just didn't unfortunately. Um, but I got to catch up on it after it was,
everything was done, but I did get to watch the video playback of some things. I mainly just want
to watch the trailers and everything cause you know, just don't care who wins. But, uh, one of
the awards that was given out was her best action adventure game and the award went to Metal Gear
Solid Five Phantom Pain. And so of course you'd expect, okay, you know, the developer, um, Hideo
Kojima should be accepting that award because you know, he's kind of the face of that series.
However, he wasn't there. Um, instead Kiefer Sutherland, um, accepted the award on his behalf
anyways. And the reason he wasn't able to attend is because he is barred legally by Konami from
attending the award ceremony. And this was actually explained right after the acceptance by
Jeff Keeley. Um, basically saying, as you notice, Hideo Kojima is not here. Mr. Kojima had every
intention of being here, but unfortunately he was informed by a lawyer representing Konami that he
would not be allowed to travel to tonight's award ceremony to accept any awards. He is still under
employment and contract or employment in contract. And it's disappointing. It's inconceivable to me
that an artist like Hideo Kojima would not be allowed to come here and celebrate with his peers
and fellow teammates.
I have to admit, I was pretty impressed by that moment. I mean, for all the shit that Jeff Keeley
has gotten about being the Dorito Pope and all that stuff, I thought that was a pretty rad moment
that he kind of broke the fourth wall in that regard. And, you know, we all know something's been
really off with Konami for a couple years now, right? We've all kind of like, what's going on with
that company that we used to love so much because they've fallen from grace and hidden every branch
on the tree on the way down, it seems like. And, um, you know, I thought that was really interesting
for him. It was kind of a risk too, for him to call out Konami because, I mean, just a couple
weeks ago on the show, we were talking about the whole blacklisting and that whole thing, right?
And that was a big controversy was going on. Yeah. To see like what there are no games that they're
making. You're not going to get access to nothing that we're making. You beat me to the easy punch
line. What's he going to get blacklisted from? You're not going to play this particular machine
before it comes out. But I thought that was pretty ballsy of him to break the fourth wall in that
regard. And I think a lot of people kind of applauded him for it. And certainly on the other
token, there's a lot of people that are going, okay, what is Konami fucking smoking at this
point? And like, seriously, I would love once, I'm sure it's probably an NDA and stuff, but like,
seriously, what the fuck transpired to cause all this to like, just why, who is deciding that this
is like the way to treat your developer? That's bringing basically in a ton of money for you.
And I get that he's under contract and I get that he has this non-compete clause, but to bar him
from an award show to pick up an award, that's kind of a dick move right there. Like there's
what, what possible good thing. It's the same dick move when they took off his
name from the actual game, when they dropped his name off the title there. Yeah. I mean, that,
that's, that's the thing. They want that game associated with Konami and not with Hideo Kojima,
which is like, right. That's not going to happen. Yeah. Dungeonbuster in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
says, this is not the Konami I grew up with. And I think that really sums up how I feel too. And
you know, this, again, this has been just this slow. It's, this is going to be a horrible
comparison and I apologize in advance. It's like Atari. But it's like watching your friend overdose
on something or something. It's like, or, or be in a really bad, horrible relationship where it's
like, it's slowly like getting worse and worse. And it's like, this is not the Konami that I
remember at all. And of course, you know, here at Orange Lounge Radio, myself, Loki, Dark Sakura,
we all met playing a Konami video game, a series of Konami video games, really. You've been invited
to Konami press events a couple of times. Yeah. But it's like, but none of those people that we
were friends with are working for them anymore because Konami's really changed. So let me ask a
very honest, blunt type of question. Is Konami fucked beyond repair at this point? I think so.
I think that they were fucked beyond repair before this event. And it's just even worse now. They,
and I don't think they fucking care. I think they're just like, whatever, we're done. We're
done with this segment of the business anyways. So it's all mobile in pachinko slots. I hope it
does well. So you think Konami has just basically written off hardcore gamers for lack of a better
term. Konami has basically decided, and you know, I guess we have heard this before in so many
words. Konami is not interested in this side of the business anymore. I hope that they know what
they're doing because I know the mobile space is, I mean, it can be profitable, but it's just,
there's so much out there. I mean, you're not going to have like the Angry Birds game,
or you're not going to have, you know, the next Candy Crush saga or whatever the hell that you
think you're going to release. I mean, so I don't know what they're expecting. I hope that they're
successful in that. But at this point, I don't really fucking care either, to be honest. I mean,
it's like at this point, I just, whatever. I wish, I hope their IPs that I do enjoy are maybe
sold to somebody else. Well, as tacky as my earlier comparison might have been, you know,
the thing I think Konami really needs at this point is an intervention.
Like, and I'm talking about the people that are investing, the board. I like, how is the company
continuing to make these type of decisions? I like, it just kind of blows my mind how they
can shoot themselves in the foot so often and so repeatedly. Like, is there any PR at Konami?
I don't even understand what the point would have been if, like, he showed up at the awards
ceremony. I mean, what would that have done for Konami? Nothing. That would have done nothing
negative to Konami. It might have even been a positive to kind of be like, hey, you know,
Konami made this game that's getting this award. Woohoo. Like, it could have been kind of an okay
moment for Konami amongst all this messed up stuff. But were they worried that Konami was
going to get up there and go fuck Konami? Hashtag. Like, were they, were they worried about that?
I, it just seems really silly to me. I don't know. I mean, at this point though now, I mean,
even if you have those casual games coming out, I mean, I guess we're not the same audience for it,
but, like, you would think that you wouldn't try to burn those bridges. I mean, maybe try to get
those people involved in those games. Like, hey, you like this license? Because what's the point
in licensing this stuff? Stuff that really is going to be appealing to fans of that series that
love those hardcore games. What's the point in licensing that for these casual games if these
casual game players don't know what the fuck those licenses are? Yeah. It's like, does, like,
does grandma know what the fuck Metal Gear Solid is? Is she going to fucking care when
she's playing the Castlevania pachinko slot machine or whatever the case may be?
It's like, they don't fucking care. Well, the goal might be to lure a younger audience into
gambling, to be fair, but that's, that's neither here nor there. I still think Konami is, is in
need of an intervention. And honestly, at this point, I would not be sad if there was a hostile
takeover of the company and somebody else bought them. I, I, I would like actually somebody else
to buy their intellectual property and do some good things with it. Um, I don't know if that'll
realistically happen because yeah, Konami still does have this mobile arm and this,
this pachinko arm. But at this point, I don't know who's running that company, but they're doing
from the hardcore gamer perspective. They used to really, really respect Konami, love Konami
and the products they're doing. Uh, they're really just burning all their bridges with us. And I've
kind of had it like, and they can kind of go sit and spin and it's, it's frustrating. Uh,
for Kojima though, at least, Hey, he's out of it now and we'll see what happens come January.
He'll go independent, go somewhere else and some great games will come out from it.
I am ready for the sit down interview that Hodea Kojima is going to do probably with Jeff Keighley
come January after this mess. And we'll see, you know, he might still be restricted from
saying some things, but I am ready for that interview. So we'll see what happens.
But even before, like, you know, uh, Kojima, I mean like itagaki, I mean,
shit, like all these people, you're like top talent. You're just fucking them over.
And like, what's the point, uh, looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com, uh,
sg100. Matt says the board is probably all for this because they all believe that mobile and
pachi slots are highly profitable. Uh, can, can you even talk about what happened at the game
awards sg100. Matt says it's a petty move. Konami knows Kojima made them in a way and they didn't
want to give him his moment in the sun. Um, and then, uh, dungeon buster and chat says as cold
as it sounds, as long as their bottom line remains, uh, Rosie from their other divisions,
I doubt they'll care two or three quarters from now. Um, and blueberry and chat says,
can't be fun for any of the employees. I would not want to be the people running
Konami's Twitter right now. And it's not their fault. The people that have to run that Twitter,
you know, the social media management or wherever that's their job, but I'm sure those people are
probably just as easily frustrated. I mean, come on, haven't y'all worked for a company in the
past at some point where you were like, I don't know what those people upstairs are doing, but
I don't know if I totally agree with what's going on. So anyway, uh, stepping into the studio right
here, Shane Alinko finally made it. I used to work for one of those companies, you know what
it was called? Konami. What did you think of that whole, well, then I'm very curious what you have
to say. I thought it was hilarious. I have no friends left at Konami. They've all left by now
because they wised up. Um, but yeah, that was so good. What do you mean by they wised up?
I mean, even back when I worked for Konami, you could still, you could tell something just wasn't
right there, uh, with not my direct management. I actually liked my direct management even though,
like, not everybody always got along. The people I worked with and my office, the Redwood City
office, we were, it was awesome. Um, but there were decisions coming from higher up than the
Redwood City office that never made any sense and you could just see the writing on the wall,
um, that the company was not being run the best it could possibly be. So, uh, well, I'm, I'm of the
mindset that somebody else needs to be running the company at this point. It's embarrassing.
Also, breaking news, because I'm not sure if you guys talked about, but apparently there was a press
release sent out tonight for Final Fantasy VII Remake. Looks like it's going to be episodic.
Yeah, it says it will be told across a multi-part series with each entry providing its own unique
experience. What's the source on that? Uh, press release, uh, that was sent out. Kotaku's posting
it. I've saw it on Twitter too. I was, it's the first site I went to that talked about it. Huh.
Oh, that's, uh, kind of makes me less interested in playing it, but we'll talk about the PlayStation
Experience stuff. That, uh, that leaves a taste in my mouth that I don't like. I, I don't, I don't know.
I, I feel like they're doing that to get the game out the door quicker, but that also makes me wonder
if they're not planning on selling it in stores. If it's going to be episodic. Like download only.
Like download only. Yeah, episodic stuff usually is until all the episodes are finished and then
they release it. It makes sense, though, if they are going to put it out quicker, because usually at this point
they just announced the remake there, um, last year and they were like, or no, this year, was it?
Yeah, at E3 this year. They're like, oh, we really haven't done anything on it yet, but then come
PlayStation Experience, we have not only, like, actual in-game combat footage, but we have English
voices, which never happens this early on. So I could see that and I, when I put it that way, I'm not
super offended by it. If they price it reasonably, which Square doesn't usually, um, it could be okay.
Yeah, it looks like they have the prologue part of the game finished, because you could see that
Scorpion boss and so they, basically what used to be the demo from SN7, they probably have done.
Yeah, what I got in my PlayStation Underground way back in the day. Yeah, right, or, or, uh, which I
still probably have that disc. Toeball number one or whatever, right? Yeah. So, um, ah, gosh, I just, I, I don't
know, though, the episodic thing is still really weird to me. It depends on how many episodes, too. Like,
I don't want a 28 episode game. I'll take, like, I could take up to, like, between five and ten at most.
There is a part of me, though, that wonders if that's their key to trying to get it done faster.
That maybe they're trying to get the first part out next year. But my thought was maybe they could
just release the game as is and, like, all the other publishers do. Oh, it's half done? No, just patch it.
It's ready to go. A day 375 patch to get some of the other game in it. Wow. Uh, Blueberry is letting me
know in chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Minecraft Story Mode is sold in box now as a season pass.
So, let me guess, you open the box and there's probably a code that just downloads it online. Minecraft.
That's kind of where we're at. Because not all the seasons are out yet. Yeah. Oh, that's so weird to me.
Uh, as Jonah and Matt says, the game is going to be on PS4 first. I wonder if the game will come
out on Xbox One when all the episodes are done. Maybe. Huh. Maybe. Very interesting. I'm very curious.
That would make sense, too. And then we'd get a physical version at that point, probably. Are they
going to try and do a thing where it's, like, because the game was on three discs originally,
it's going to be three episodes? That's fine, too. A disc- No, because episode three was nothing but
the last dungeon. There you go. The end movie. Well, they'll break it up a little better, but three episodes
would be funny if that's it, because then it would be, like, three different discs. Yeah, I guess. I guess.
I don't know. Again, I'm kind of with you. It's the price. But then if they charge $29.99 per episode,
which I would argue they could probably get away with, then they just figured out a way to get you
to buy a game for $90. That I would not feel comfortable with. That would be also EA that
does that. Well, Square, no. Square puts their ports for ridiculously expensive prices, and they could
easily do it with this, too. All right. Well, more to develop on that story, I'm sure. Yeah. But, Shane,
welcome back. You are just back from San Francisco. I'm still hungry, but I'm taking a break from eating the
rest of my food to try to talk. Well, thank you. But I could eat and also talk with my mouth full,
and I'm fine with that, too. That's probably not the best thing to do on the radio. I don't care.
So, how was PlayStation Experience? It was fantastic. I'm really happy I went. It was a lot of fun.
Walk us through your experience at PlayStation Experience a little bit. You guys got there the
day before to get your badges, right? Yeah, we went the night before to get our badges. First time at
Moscone Center? For me, yeah. You know, I actually used to live in San Francisco, and I've never been
to Moscone at all, so that was my first time. Describe for the listeners about how big it is.
This big. He's choosing his hand. Great radio. It was, what, three floors? We were just in the
west side of it, and it was, I don't know, I felt like it was a standard convention hall size.
It's way smaller than E3, but from other conventions I've been to, it was about
roughly the same size. I'd imagine if it was three floors, it's probably the exact same size
as TwitchCon. It was probably a very similar layout, too. Two floors, the first floor and the second
floor were where all the games and stuff were at, and the third floor was strictly for the
keynote, the, what are they called? Panels. Panels, thank you. Panels, and then the Capcom Cup today.
That sounds exactly like how Twitch was laid out, basically, yeah, except it's like second,
I imagine maybe second floor was all the indie games? No, they were mixed in, well, mixed in
in the sense that they're on first and second floor, but they were kind of like the outside
of the space, so you had like all the big stuff kind of in the middle, and then you had like
two rows. I'm moving the microphone away because I'm trying to gesture with my hands.
They had two rows around the middle that were where the indies were, and then you actually had
like another set beyond that that were some bigger publishers, and like I saw PDP there, too.
That's kind of cool, so it's like you had to go through the indies to get to the bigger stuff.
You didn't have to, I mean they were all kind of separated, but they weren't like,
we're gonna just throw them on the outside and forget about them. They had a presence.
Let's talk about the keynote a little bit. What time did you line up to get in there?
Seven. And how good were your seats? Oh, they were okay. A lot of people?
Lots of people. I heard it was sold out. Did it feel very sold out?
Well, the show didn't sell out till last night. Yeah, yeah, they tweeted it last night.
Yeah, but there were a lot of seats there. I didn't think there were going to be enough
for all of us, even though we got there at seven, but I did see some people did have to stand,
so yeah, but it was totally worth it. That keynote was fantastic. What was the vibe in the room?
Oh, I was really excited, and I think a lot of people didn't go in with really high hopes
or high expectations, but then they started saying like, oh, we've got games to announce,
and I don't think anybody really expected game announcements. I kind of did because last year
Street Fighter V was a huge thing last year. And like you said earlier, because I did catch it,
you thought this was not as big as last year's, but last year's, okay, they had Street Fighter V,
which is great, but this year they showed off footage from seven, they announced Ni No Kuni II,
they announced Rez, they had all these announcements, even if they were like indie or
indie style games, I feel like it was much bigger than what they offered last year.
How was the vibe in the room when the seven stuff showed up? Because I told you the day before I
think they were going to show new footage, and you were like, no, it's too soon.
Yeah, it was too soon, but apparently not. But everybody lost it. Well, of course, and me being
me, where I was sitting, I kept reading the prompter well in advance of what was going on
on stage, because I just want to spoil stuff for me. I've done that at E3 Keynotes.
Yeah, I did that too. That's how I learned what the Wii U was called before they announced it.
Like, what's a Wii U? But yeah, everybody lost it then, and it was great. I'm not even a big
seven fan, and even I was excited for what I saw. I'm still debating on the combat. I'm gonna have
to watch the trailer again, because obviously I really haven't had access to looking at a lot of
internet stuff, but I can't really tell if it's 15 style or Kingdom Hearts style, because at first
glance I was like, oh, it plays like Kingdom Hearts, but then I was like, that's kind of how
15 plays too, so I need to look at it again. I think we're all waiting for the details on what
that really looks like. We're kind of reading into it a lot. I'm not sure I like that that's where
they're going with the combat, and I heard Bobby talk about turn-based stuff. I'm not writing the
game off. I'm not super disappointed that they switched it, but I would. Well, to be fair, I mean,
if you want the turn-based stuff, hey, the Final Fantasy VII re-release is out right now. I guess
I could get trophies on that. I just, not every game has to be that way. I like it when they switch
up the battle systems. Like, you know, 9 was different than 10, which was different than 12,
which was different than 13, which is different than 15, but now it looks like 7 and 15 might
just be the same. I'm like, oh, okay. But we are making a lot of assumptions. To be fair, I mean,
we're not going to know until they show it. The only real assumption we can make from that trailer
is that, who is it? The fat one, Wedge? Is he the fat one? He has a terrible voice actor.
He sounds like a lot of people I would expect sounded like at PlayStation Experience this
weekend. I think the thing we can read into that trailer is the whole, like, the cut scenes
and the battles and everything is going to be seamless. That's going to be amazing. Because,
like, remember when we played Final Fantasy VII on PlayStation 1, it was very obvious. Like,
it was like, there were kind of like three, there was like the battle models. There's the
battle models, the LEGO hand models, and then the cut scenes. Exactly. But I think we were not going
really have that this time. It'll be interesting. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. So your big fanboy
moment, and I already know what this is, what made you, like, scream? And you told me in a text.
Yeah. No, I said I freaked out. And I did. Jim was sitting right next to me because I'm reading
the prompter. They're talking. And I see something that says, like, Rez video. I was like, oh, my
god, no way. I just, like, freaked out. And, yeah, Rez existing again with getting at least,
it looks like, a new stage. It just made me so happy to see that happen. It made me so happy
just to see Tetsuya Mizuguchi again. I wanted that suit. I didn't get to try it because I'm not press
and they're not, like, mass producing that suit. But I really wanted to see
what that would feel like while playing the VR version. But you played, right? Oh, yeah. Oh,
yeah. Because I whined. Because I had... You're really good at that.
I had two VR appointments because you had to, like, sign up to go play VR games for the most
part. Is it true? I heard that everybody signed up for these appointments and they lost them all.
Like, there was some type of database corruption thing? Well, if there was, it wasn't by the time
on my first day. My first day went fine, too. Okay. I heard there was some... But maybe earlier
in the day, because I picked to go during the Call of Duty panel because, like, I'm really
going to go sit through the Call of Duty panel. But, yeah, no, I didn't have a problem. But when
I got up there, I was like, so how do I get to play Res? And she's like, well, you don't really
get to pick. And I was like, well, I saw on the top. She's like, well, you can go this way. You
might get a chance because they made you go either right or left. And if you went right, you went
upstairs. If you went left, you stayed downstairs. And Res was upstairs. So I was like, okay, cool.
So I go right and then I get to the part where we're waiting and they give us our PlayStation
cards, which are awesome, the little collectible things. I want to ask about that, too, in a
minute. But go on. And then I'm like, I talked to the lady. I'm like, man, I really just want
to play Res. I really, you know, that's all I want. And she's like, well, we can't guarantee it.
You know, you don't get to pick what game. You just get to go. I was like, that's fine. Cool.
And then they announced that, you know, there's one for to go upstairs. And she's like, oh,
there was another downstairs part, too, for that side. And she's like, well, if you want to go
upstairs, that's your, you know, that's your chance. They don't say what game it is. I was
like, okay, I'll go. And I get up there and I talked. I'm like, as I get up, I'm like,
all I want to do is play Res. That's the only thing I want to play. And the girl's like,
well, we can't, you know, let you pick. But the guy's like, you know, you, you know, you really
like Res. I really like Res. Just wait right here and you can get on Res next. I'm like, yes. So I
got to play Res HD. And it was just the first stage. Wait, you mean being nice to people
sometimes works? I'm always nice to people. Just a note for people out there. Well, yeah,
that's how I've got, like, first class tickets on planes before, too. Like, if it gets delayed or,
like, canceled for the day and you have to go the next day, just don't care about it and be like,
you know, it's fine. And they're like, here's a first grade class upgrade. Really? I don't know
if you could be that passive about it. I was. But like, all the people in front of me were, like,
all mad. And I get up there, I'm like, you know what, I'm sorry you had to deal with those people.
I really don't care. Just, you know, book me. He's like, cool, here's a first class ticket.
I'm like, all right, that's awesome. Anyway, but Res, it was basically everything I hoped it would
be. The screens on the VR, not the sharpest quality. So they're touting, like, 1080p full
60 frames per second. It looked good. It didn't look that to me. Well, you know, it's gonna be
VR and television. Yeah, that's probably where the big thing's at. And I will never play it on
television ever again. Ever. I will get it for that VR. But you only use X on the controller,
and then everything else is your head. So you slightly move your head. Your little reticle is
what moves with you. So, like, you have the enemies up here. You're moving your head all
around there. You have to turn to, like, the left at times when the stage would normally scroll to
the side. It was just fantastic. Did you, you said, I don't remember if this was you saying
this to me, but you said something about you were kind of, like, bobbing to the music. Oh,
yeah, I was like, that's the one thing you can't do. Because when I play music games, like, my head
just goes up and down because I'm enjoying it. Well, and the guy next to me and myself, the lady
told me our heads were bobbing up and down. And I could feel it because, like, my reticle's going
up and down to the music. I'm like, oh, that's me doing that. So, that could potentially get
in the way of playing. So, ResHD sold you on VR? Yes. It sold, well, I want to say yes. That was
until I played VR games again today, because I had an appointment today, too, because I was like,
well, I not have multiple appointments. So I could go play more games. Did you try to bat your
eyelashes to get ResHD? Oh, no, I wanted to play Rush of Blood, the Until Dawn game, but they just
weren't having it. I was like, oh, just, I guess I get to play whatever I get. And lucky me. Oh,
so you're charm didn't work today. Well, I didn't try hard enough to because I was with
Exeter and Matt. It's easier when it's just one? Yeah. It's kind of like when you're in a line at
a theme park, it's like, usually there'll be an opening for one and you can kind of cut a lot.
But if you're with a group, it's, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, I guess. So, me and Exeter actually
got thrown onto what I thought was going to be awful. We got Playroom VR. And I was like,
great, you know, Playroom's kind of cool, but I really don't care about, like, Playroom VR.
That is what sold me on, on the VR for real. Really? Yes. You haven't told me about this.
No. What happened there? I didn't tell you anything about today.
Fine. So I got to go first and my game was, I was this monster. And first of all, like,
the graphics on Playroom VR, obviously better than what you're going to see on Res. So it already
looks a lot better. But I was this monster and I had no control. I had no controller at all.
All I could do is move my head left and right to try to run into buildings and break them,
which was really fun. And then the other two players would try to stop me by throwing things.
And every so often, like, helicopters would come and I'd have to headbutt them away,
so I wouldn't lose health. That was super cool. And then at the end, you know, it's VR,
so it's all... Wait, wait, wait. Were you playing against the other people in the room?
Like multiplayer VR? Yeah.
Wow. But they didn't have VR on them. They were looking at TV, and then I was the only one with
VR. I don't know if there are two-player VR games because I didn't see any.
Well, there was that whole Discs of Tron kind of thing that kind of didn't go.
I hope what comes from that is a new sports champions game because I love that game series.
Actually, you know, I remember when I got to do the VR, you know, at E3 when they first announced
it, I remember the whole conversation about the fact that they wanted to have,
that it wasn't just the VR, but, you know, the VR has a separate box that processes the VR.
So it does the VR and the TV. Yeah. We saw different things on them.
Exactly. So now you got that whole, like, Wii U thing going on, but instead of a game pad,
it's whatever's the VR. So that's interesting that that could be... And I remember that discussion
about we're trying to find ways to engage other people in the room besides just the person.
I'll talk more about that because there were two other games.
Go for it. But anyway, so the rest of my game was even better because I thought it was fun,
like, hitting my head into buildings. It was great. And into helicopters. But at the end,
we got to this, like, pier and it kind of sunk. So when it sunk, like, my headset,
my virtual reality kind of bobbed and I felt it. It was so cool. And then they told me I should
lose because I get the cooler thing if I lose. So I was like, OK, so I didn't dodge when they
were attacking me. And so I lost. And then they pull out this big cannon and fire at me
and they shoot me off of Earth. So I'm flying backwards. And that felt so cool.
I absolutely loved it. Like, I think I got the best game out of the three we got to play.
Wow.
Then Xtaphir, it was his turn with the VR and we were playing this cat and mouse game. I didn't
really care for that. He was a cat and he would have to, like, smack us from getting cheese.
It was cute, but it wasn't really fun. And then the last game
and we're doing this. So my game, I used no controllers. The other two people had just
regular DualShock 4s. Christopher's game, he had no controllers. We had DualShock 4s. The last game,
the random guy that we didn't know, he was a ghost hunter. And so he was using a DualShock 4. We had
nothing. We were just in the room with him. So he's looking around and he has, like, sort of like
a flashlight thing is basically what it turned out to be. And we would have to tell him on screen
where to go to see the ghost. Because we could see the ghost on our TV, but he couldn't see the
ghost in his VR. But he was the one that would capture them. So it's like a communication game,
like Bomb Corp and all that stuff. Yeah, yeah. And it was really fun. I actually like that one too.
So the cat game was probably my least favorite of the three. But yeah, so it was like a Ghostbusters
game. That was really cool. So that sold you on VR. That sold me on it. Now let me ask this. Maybe
going back to Rez a little bit, because that's a game I imagine a lot of our listeners...
And I'm also gonna start eating too. I don't care.
Well quickly, don't eat too much. Because that's a game I'm sure a lot of our listeners have played
before. What was it about Rez VR that made it... Because you said, I can never play this on a TV
again. Why? What was it about the VR that made it so that TV's ruined for you, for Rez?
The feeling. Because while it's not the strongest in terms of VR except for moving your head,
it did still have a feeling like I was the character flying in this space. And that was
such a cool feeling. And it was so precise with the head movements. Given a little more practice,
I could do all the same 100% everything and get all the 100% data that I used to get
back in the day after I played Rez enough on Dreamcast or on PS2 or on Xbox 360.
So the experience is just... It feels a lot different. It's a lot more fun.
Okay. Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
actdeaf says, Sony should probably hire Shane to sell the PlayStation VR at this point.
Let's see. Akuma JP says, I can imagine Shane in sales. And Bobby Blackwolf says, presence.
Is the term for what you felt. You felt presence, I guess, is something they probably used in the VR
world for what you were describing there. Oh, I've never heard that term for that,
but whatever. I felt like I was flying. Well, I like the way you described those games because
here playing the home game, watching the streams, they say, we can't really show you VR. You have to
experience it. Yeah, it's so true. You did a really good job explaining what that really was like to
be there. The start screen for the Playroom VR was probably my third favorite part of Playroom VR,
because I get the VR on and he's talking about how to play. I'm like, I don't care. I'm just
going to look around a little bit. So I'm moving my head. I'm like, Oh yeah, this is VR because I
can move around. But then I would lean forward and start to look at the little robots that are
closer to me. And then I looked up and up high was the monster I was going to be in the game I played.
And I was like, this is so amazing. I want this yesterday. Let me ask one more question about VR.
Then I want to move on and talk about some of the other stuff at the Expo, but does PlayStation VR
make you more interested in things like Oculus and the other VR technology out there? Yeah,
I would actually, I've still never played Oculus and my computer could handle it. So I would like
to try the Oculus Rift at some point. I worry that, I mean, Oculus already said they're going
to be like $350 at least or $300 at least. I worry what the PlayStation VR is going to be,
because if it costs the same amount as a PlayStation 4, that's not going to go over well.
But I don't see it costing less than $200. It's going to be, my guess is $250. I think they're
going to have to have two different SKUs, one with the camera and one without, because some
of us already have the camera and I believe it uses the same PlayStation camera. I didn't even
realize that the camera was there. Like the camera can see your lights, I'm assuming the lights on
your helmet. And I believe for that game, you were all talking to him because could the camera see
you guys? Could he see you guys in the thing? He couldn't see us. No, we had to just give him
audio direction. I did find out though, Playroom VR, they wouldn't tell us obviously a launch date
or a price. I'm sure people showing it to you didn't know. But they did say that they could
say that it's going to come out day one with the headset, but they couldn't tell me if it's going
to be free or bundled with the headset. Oh, interesting. It'll probably be bundled.
I would say free. Yeah, bundled with Playroom was bundled with, well, Playroom came free with
PlayStation 4. Yeah. So a good variety of games that they throw in with the headset will help
lessen the blow of that cost because Bobby makes a great point in chat saying PlayStation VR will
be more than Oculus because of that breakout box. The Rift is just a monitor and trackers.
PlayStation VR adds a GPU and a CPU. That's a really good point. So that could really drive
the price. Okay. But if it's more than Oculus, that's not worth it at that point. But I will,
just to throw this out there too, makers like Sony and Microsoft, not so much Nintendo, but
Sony and Microsoft have been known to take a loss on hardware to sell software. So that's true.
It's true. I don't know how much of a loss they're willing to take on something like this,
but just that there's something to think about. They could. So, okay. So outside of VR,
what else did you get your hands on? I mean, I basically, with the exception of some really
crappy looking games and some indie games, I got my hands on everything I wanted to play.
Anything you played that you're like, ah, yep, I'm buying that when it comes out.
Thumper. Been dying to play Thumper and I absolutely loved Thumper.
That's the music game. The rhythm violence game is what they call it. And you're like this,
they call it a space beetle. And it's just a music game. It's by two guys and their ex-harmonics.
They are from the harmonics time when I still worked at Konami. So we all worked on the same
games together because like karaoke revolution party that they worked on too. So it was fun
chatting with one of them. And it's kind of like, it looks like to me, it looks like audio surf,
like at first glance, but it plays kind of like a Parappa in the sense that musically the audio
cues come first and then you're going to hit the buttons for it. But that's really hard for some
people to grasp because with Parappa, you still see like visual cues. But you don't so much on
this, but it was a lot of fun. He told me that they're going to be like 10 stages. It's rough.
It is a pretty tough game too, but I loved it. I don't want to say it's a game of the show. It's
hard to say a game of the show, but it's way up there. I will probably have a group of games of
the show, but that would be one of them. I loved it so much. Quickly, anything else that you got
your hands on that you want to share? There was like a ton. Why does it have to be quickly?
We don't need to talk about anything else. We're almost an hour into the show,
but we can always come back later if we still have more time.
Other things. I played Amplitude. I played actually the remix of an old song from Amplitude,
so that was fun. What else was amazing? There was an indie game called Shapes and Beats,
and that was fun. It was a music like... everybody had a bit trip? You run around
or fly around, try not to get hit by these things that are coming at you with the music.
It was really cool. I played Parappa 2, the PS2 version, because it's not out yet for PS4,
and it was just the PS2 version. I did not see any improvements, so whatever, but I'd still get it.
Hot Shots Golf, the new one. Love that. I actually love golf games. Little-known fact.
I always forget that myself, actually, until I start playing them.
I was not impressed with a couple of games, so I think that's more fun to talk about.
All right. I don't usually like to be negative.
I'm not going to be super negative, because everything I played actually had redeeming
qualities, but things that I was disappointed in. The Tomorrow Children. I didn't really know much
about that, but when I played it, and it was a very long tutorial with the guy, and I'm sorry,
they need to cut down some of these demos, because they just last way too long. He called it an MMO,
which is not in the same vein of WoW or Final Fantasy XIV. It's just a massive world that you
can interact with other players, but it's also mixed with Minecraft, and I'd also say SimCity.
You got to go out, forage for materials, kill enemies that are trying to attack your town,
and help build up your town. Everybody in your town helps to make it grow.
Okay, but when you describe it, I'm kind of into it. What was wrong with it?
The controls were a little clunky, and it was just a little bit boring. That might be
because it was just a demo, and there wasn't a whole lot. It was also standing room only,
and you're standing there for like, I swear that demo was like 25 minutes. It was not fun
because of that, but there's going to be a beta. Everybody that went to the show and got their
awesome badges scanned will be in it, so I'll be in it next month, but I don't know. I'm not
really a big fan of Minecraft, and so this just felt kind of like a Minecraft game to me, but
with really, really, really nice visuals. I have to give them credit. They did really nice work
there, and then the other game I really, really wanted to like but was just kind of disappointed
in was Bound. I forget which Sony studio that's coming from, but it was just announced on Thursday,
but they had a playable demo. You're like a ballerina dancer sort of thing in this polygonal
world. Visually amazing. The demo they had was pretty straightforward. It was a little bit of
platforming, a little bit of story that I didn't understand. My problem is they are showing the
character off to be some sort of dance dancer. She's very graceful. She does all these like
dance moves whenever she does anything. There's a button to dance. You use it one time in the demo,
and it seems pretty worthless, so I would like to see them incorporate more dancing,
which I'm sure they will, just not in the demo, but I was disappointed with that.
It's hard to be disappointed with that, though, because they did just announce it the day before.
Heavy Rain didn't look that much better. Heavy Rain was there, the PS4 one,
and it just got to look like Heavy Rain, whereas I think Beyond Two Souls actually did get a slight
increase in visual quality. I love Heavy Rain.
How about this whole metagame of the collecting the cards and getting a platinum trophy? What
the hell was that all about? I don't know if people who weren't there really get that.
They were giving away at booths these PlayStation cards. I guess it's something they want to do from
now on because they're like, this is the first in the series or whatever. Basically, you had to do
objectives to get cards sometimes, or sometimes they just gave them to you. There are rare versions
of the cards, too. My first experience with the card is if you went to the keynote, you got this
awesome card. It just says you went to the keynote. It's cool looking. Then after the keynote, we went
downstairs, and we knew what we knew about these card things because me and Jim Flacco Jones were
trying to get platinums. They had this whole trophy system, too. We go to the Last Guardian
booth, which is just the big interactive wall that they had, I think, at Tokyo Game Show.
This lady hands us both of the cards, the rare one and the regular one. We're like,
cool. That's all we had to do. Some were uncharted, where you had to play the game,
and you get the base card, but if you were the best on your team and your team won,
you got the fancy card, which I did not get because our team lost. I was best on it. No,
wait. I was third best, so I wouldn't have even got that. It just looked like I was first.
But these cards, they're just collectible. They're cool. What? So funny.
So I'm laughing at this comment in chat. S2100Matt says,
a collectible card thing in Res? Did they cater this show to Shane?
Yeah. I was like, what else could they do for me?
And let's not forget the PlayStation's big color is blue.
Oh, so blue. I think, honestly, if a Power Ranger had come out and hugged Shane,
that's it. Shane would be in the hospital right now.
Well, depending on which Power Ranger. But some of the things were ridiculous. So I got
a Gravity Rush one because they had Gravity Rush remastered there. But to do that, I had to play
the Hot Shots Golf, Gravity Rush, and the Tomorrow Children. I keep wanting to say People because
that was a good Nickelodeon show. But I got done with the first two games. And then that Tomorrow
Children game just took forever. I was like, I'm not going to get it. And eventually I did.
But there was things like that. Sometimes our badges were their NFC. I think that's what it's
called? Yeah, Near Field Communication stuff. So we'd have to get them scanned for other things.
There were all these things we had to do on the PlayStation Experience app to get stuff too.
And one of the things to get the Platinum Trophy was you had to go to the PlayStation Network
booth and get it scanned. So I went there and I got mine scanned super quick. And then Flaco Jones
and the rest of the people we went with, they went over there, but it was a different person
at that time. Well, they had to go play or demo PlayStation View, PlayStation Now, Spotify.
You guys got unlucky. So what was the point? You got a Platinum Trophy and?
Nothing. That's it. So it's like the game? Well, here's well, first of all, this is my first
Platinum Trophy on any PlayStation. You don't even get into your profile.
No, I don't. And I don't. Yeah, I don't. That's sad. No, what's stupid is they're like,
oh, it's super limited. The Platinum, not everybody's going to be able to get.
Come to find out, somehow the gold trophies cards were the hardest to get. And they ran out when I
went up to get mine because their app would not update yesterday, like at all for anybody. But
some people got through with their apps. Some didn't. I was one of the unfortunate ones that
none of my stuff came through until after the show last night. So I got two bronze trophies
because they felt bad for me earlier yesterday, a silver one and a platinum one, but no gold one.
And it just really makes me mad. This is a very interesting observation
from our chat room. Make it a long one so I can take another bite.
Sj100matt says, this is the most excited I've heard Shane be in a while.
Bobby Black Wolf says, it's nice to hear Shane awake for once.
Act Def says, it's like listening to a little kid excited about stuff.
Go shopping with him for Power Rangers. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Sj100matt says his review of this show is far from meh, whatever.
Because it wasn't. Like if it was, I would have said that.
Um, so definitely going back next year. Yes.
What if you have to go to Vegas to do it? I don't really like Vegas, but
if enough people go, yeah, I think they'll keep it here because it's closer for them.
Yeah. I think Vegas was just an accident.
One thing, one funny thing though that happened, uh, was we were out in line today waiting to get
in and you can't see because you're not here, but, uh, I'm wearing a PlayStation hat, a Nintendo,
uh, zip up hoodie and an Apple shirt. And we were talking about that in line.
And, uh, I think it was Annie asked, well, where's your Microsoft stuff?
I said, well, I'm wearing Xbox underwear and the guy in front of us turned around and gave me this
look. And then turned back around. I was like, that's awesome. I'm not really wearing Xbox
underwear, but I thought it was funny at the time. I did run into like a lot of our friends
too, like, uh, Justin and Carissa ran into the males. Um, you know, when that guy turned around
and gave you that look, you should have said, and X marks the spot and given him a wink.
I should have asked him if he wanted to see.
All right. Uh, and that's the 200 Matt and Chad over at live.vognetwork.com says you're
missing the point, Rob. It's collectible. It never matters. And bonds double 06 says
Shane had an early Christmas. There it is. Well, they sure gave you a lot of stuff in
those little swag bags. You kind of, I haven't opened everything up there. They gave us a really
nice poster tube. I'm sure the poster inside is great. I don't even know what the poster is inside.
Um, but the poster tube is so nice. They gave us a shirt. I got an uncharted shirt for playing the
demo. Uh, I got an amplitude, uh, patch, uh, lots of cards. Um, they got another Sony shirt,
this hat. It was overall, I mean, well, I'm, I'm sad. I wasn't able to go. I mean, just,
I had the Capcom cup, which I thought was going to be awful. We sat through like the,
the beginning of it today. So I don't know why I thought it was awful. I like Evo. I watch Evo
sometimes and it was, it was a blast to watch too. So I'm glad that they, uh, they had something,
but I would like more panels next year and yeah, more panels would be nice. Just more times where
you can sit down because they just don't know how to do demos. Like you can't have a 25 minute demo
standing up and then you're already in line waiting for somebody else to get off of it. So
it's just, it's just was not very comfortable. Gotcha. All right. Well, cool. Oh, and a shout
out to the Capcom lady, um, at her booth today. You're awful and you shouldn't do these events
anymore cause you just, I wanted to punch you in the face. That's not a nice thing to say. Well,
okay. Me and Xfer went to go play Street Fighter and we get over there. She's like,
two. We're like, okay, we go over there. And, uh, um, his boyfriend goes to, we're, we're
staying there and it just says, press, press the options button. We're on arcade sticks. And we're
like, we don't know what this means. And so we don't touch anything. She comes over and she's
like, what did you guys do to the game? And I rudely back, I was like, nothing. We didn't do
anything to the game. And she kept screwing it up when she tried to get off that screen.
So like, she needs to just not work conventions cause she was not very good. I can't believe
you just threatened to punch somebody in the face because you guys got rude. Like,
no, I mean, we don't, you know what? You're somebody first at a convention that,
that they're working. I understand. I had a very negative E3 experience involving a Capcom
employee as well. So for what it's all the other employees, they're great. Yeah. So just that one
Capcom, whatever it was the same person. Was it Capcom that it was at? I just said it was. Oh,
okay. Yeah. Um, yeah, it probably was. Who knows? Doesn't need to be, it is, it is a reflection of
your company. It's a customer service thing. Yeah. I was happy to leave when we were done.
I wanted to play more, but I was like, I don't want to deal with her anymore.
All right. All right. Uh, G, Loki, you've been quiet over there while listening to
Shane be giddy. I am totally not doing anything. Anything you want to ask Loki about or Loki,
anything you want to ask Shane about whatever. No. All right. Well, uh, let's, let's move on
with the show. We still have plenty of news and other things we want to get into. Uh, but I'm,
I'm glad you had a good time. I mean, I'm kind of jealous. I didn't get to go, but I had some
other stuff that was important to going on here at home and I've, and I'm doing a con next weekend.
That was another thing is like, I didn't want to be conned out because the gamer X people were
there too. Remember? Right. Cause they were showing, I walked by them. I didn't read only
memories. I got my badge scan there. That was it. But, um, I was going to say last year, uh,
remember we did the final fantasy fan fest and then like, I think it was like three weeks later
was Blizzcon and even that I was like, I am conned out right now. So I didn't want to go through
that again this year, but we'll see. All right. Anyway, let's talk about, we usually at the top
of the show, Oh, it's only what, seven 15, uh, seven Oh eight. Uh, we usually talk about games
of the week. That's right. What games we've been playing this week. So, um, let's talk about what
types of video games we've been playing this week. Loki. Oh yes. I had lots of time to play Ingress.
So I played lots of Ingress and, you know, works boring. So I kind of look at Ingress stuff while
I work. And then, um, aside from the Ingress, I played fallout four and I love fallout four
and I'm glad that I can get it. This game for me is it was easier to get into than
new Vegas. For some reason I just did not like new Vegas. I don't know. The same time it was
with the Bolivian. I really could well believe in it kind of got into a little more, um, but
new Vegas, it was kind of hard to get into for a fall. You have a fall for it, no problem
whatsoever. And I'm definitely digging that game and not getting much of the story quest done
because I'm doing all the side stuff, get constantly distracted at all time.
So I'm definitely enjoying that. And then I also picked up just cause three, which I was
really looking forward to. Although the controls are a little wonky on that and it's kind of
frustrating. So I went back to fallout four after playing a few hours of that, I still need to go
back and play it because everybody seems to really like the wingsuit and stuff. I just found the
controls so fucking frustrating. Just wouldn't work right. And the vehicle physics just a little
too sensitive. You know, you hit a rock and this vehicle just flips over. It was really annoying.
So, but I love just cause, and I really need to play more of the sandbox games. So I'm probably
gonna go back to that at some point. Um, so that's pretty much my week. Yeah. Mostly ingress.
Okay. Uh, my gaming week, a lot of the same old stuff, but two new games.
I can't wait to have an argument about one of these.
Well then I'm going to do the first one that you can't argue with me about. So the first game that
I played, uh, was a stealth announcement, I guess, at the game awards. And I, I actually
didn't even, I tuned into the game awards way late because, okay, bad gamer. I forgot they were on.
So I, but I caught up on Twitter and somebody said there was a new Tron game announced on steam and
I was like, what, what, what? And sure enough, you go to steam and there's a game called Tron
run R that's available on steam at steam early access, but it's, uh, it's there. And when it's
early access, it's definitely early access because there's like not even a title screen
or anything. It's like, here's, you launch the game and it's like, here's three files,
choose one. It's like level one, level two, level three. So you choose one. And then you kind of go
right into the interface of selecting the power ups your character is going to have. So, so here's
the thing, the Tron game, it's not an endless runner. You would think from the name run R it's
an endless runner. Um, it's, it's more of a runner with an end because each day is definitely has a
beginning and an end. And in that sense, it's kind of like a music game. Like it feels a little
bit audio surf ish to me, but music is an integral to what's going on with the game. Like when you
throw discs at enemies, you're not necessarily doing it in time to the music or trying to break
walls or whatever, but the visuals in the game are pretty hot. And like, you know, it looks a
lot like Tron. And so of course, you know, the music is kinda, you know, the, the same type of
electro stuff you'd expect to hear in Tron and you're moving fast through all these colors.
And in some parts, you know, you jump. And so you'll like, and you, you get the butterfly
wings. Remember in the new Tron movie, they would have the butterfly wings that came out at some
point. I know they have another actual name, but, uh, so you use, you'll use the wings to fly. And
so you try to land on these other platforms that'll help you fly through. And it's just
like the, the visuals and the way things look in the game are great and kind of what really
sells me on it. So I'm hoping that the soundtrack continues to be awesome. And I really,
really hope if it's an official Tron game, which it must be, or they would have been seasoned
decision by now. I really hope they're able to get like some of the Tron legacy soundtrack in
the game or something, or, but, but it's so mysterious because I don't even think it says
who the publisher is. I don't know. I don't know who made the game. Uh, does anyone out there know
who made this? Cause I it's kind of a, and then, so that has some people going, is this like a
stealth announcement of Tron three? I don't know. I think that's a, well, one of the achievements
apparently is named Tron three, but you can't earn the achievements in the game yet. It's,
it's kind of weird in that regard. So, um, but yeah, uh, act deft and chat says bit trip runner
with Tron. That is not a bad comparison, but again, bit trip runner, everything you do is
timed with the music and Tron runner doesn't really have that, but I enjoyed it. Um, it's
10 bucks, but it is early access. But the good news is that mean there's a lot, lot more to come.
You're looking at some of the screenshots over there. Loki. I was just trying to see who the
publisher was, but yeah, it's not there. So that's kind of a mystery in itself. Like
where did this game come from and who did it? Um, so we'll see. The other game I played this week,
I picked up on Friday and that game is Xenoblade Chronicles. Well, I, I, here's the thing.
I need to read the messages you sent me. Are you going to backtrack? No, go ahead. Read the
messages I sent you on this game, but I want to, I want to preface. This is a game that is hundreds
of hours long interactive because it's on their end user license agreement. Oh, so it is Disney
themselves. Did it? Does he interact? Okay. Good to know. Thank you. Um, I do want to say this.
I'm only on chapter three, but these are some early impressions I have of the game. Go ahead.
Read, read actual text. I can't believe you are violating our privacy. I'm not going to read like
important things. This is actually pretty important. All right, go ahead. Um, I'm just
going back to where I want to start. It's so negative about things on the stuff you said,
like talking about how you didn't think the presser was good or whatever. Um,
I should have planned this better. You should have planned this a little better. Live radio.
Where basically you can just talk about this instead. All right. Good job. Failed attempt
to violate my privacy by Shane lingo. Um, so, uh, when I'm trying really hard to like it,
but it's testing my patience. I might be done with Xenoblade. I don't like it.
Uh, I think that was really, that's the most recent one. Okay. When I first played the game,
I was really into it. I was like, Oh, this game is, is really pretty. Um, I was getting
kind of a white knight Chronicles vibe from it. Well, see, here's the thing. I liked that game
a lot more than most people did. So I kind of consider that a compliment, but some of the
problems I had with white knight Chronicles, like some of the dialogue and the cut scenes,
I started to notice I'm not really enjoying in Xenoblade Chronicles X either is that as the
game went on, I was like the writing in this game, it's written for text boxes, yet it's being acted
out. And it's kind of trying my patience in one of the scenes where they're going over the eight
different branches of the blade organization. And I'm like, Oh my God. And that's like at
the end of another scene. I mean, some of the scenes go on a very long time, but whatever.
I mean, I can, I can overlook that, but did you just as a quick interjection, when he asked that
one guy asks you, if you want, if you're going to join blade, it's like, yes or no. Did you do? No,
I did. No, it wasn't that great though. Cause he, the look he gives you and it zooms in on him.
So funny. I didn't know. And guess what happens? The whole thing starts over the whole dialogue
changes. So a little bit, but then they go right back into the, well, eventually he just,
he's just looking at you with those eyes. It's like, really? Well, what I did, I, so I hit start
and I skipped once I realized it was a repeat and everything. I just hit start and skip the cut
scene. I was like, all right, that was a mistake. Um, so, so here's the thing. I was really into
the game. It's really good looking. Even if the interface is really, really busy, I'm kind of
surprised they don't use the game pad for more of that. The interface is busy. It's super busy. I
don't think so. Like I see complaints about that and I don't see it. Like the only time I could
consider it busy is when I hit the, the plus button to pull up all those extra menus. But if I'm not
in that, I don't think it's busy at all. But it's weird that that doesn't go down to the game pad.
And I, they, they do use the game pad for other stuff, which you haven't probably got because
you've been at the PlayStation experience. You know, I'll talk about my, you know, blade,
you're only on chapter one, right? Oh, you know, I'm not technically even on chapter one. We'll
talk about that. This is my thing. As I said, Shane, I want to hear from you when you get to
the point in the game that I'm at, because for those first couple chapters, I was really into it.
And then here's, here's the problem where I'm at in chapter three. Okay. So I'm going through the
story today. So now I get a story quest for chapter three and I'm going out into the world
and I'm going to kind of go from point A to point B to where I'm supposed to go on the map. And it's
like, okay, so I'm level eight and I'm walking by all these little mobs that are like level seven,
maybe some level nine, but I'm like, Oh, keep walking that direction. Cause generally in JRPGs,
everything will be about your level and I can grind a little bit. Nope. I get not even halfway
to where I'm supposed to go. And the mobs are like 11, 12, 13, and there's this random ass
level 80 something gigantic thing that patrols around. It reminds me of having to stealth in
final fantasy 11 and all this stuff. So I was like, okay, so clearly I'm not at a point where
I can do chapter three. Okay. So I'll do some side quests and I try to do some of the side quests and
it's like the mobs for those quests are like level 13 or level 11. And I'm like, am I just supposed
to find the level seven and eight, nine mobs of which there's not a huge concentration of them
and just grind them over and over? Is that, I mean, I get it's a JRPG, but the, I mean,
I've played a lot of JRPGs. Okay. And I've stuck up for things like blue dragon, lost Odyssey.
Oh, you don't have to stick up for lost Odyssey. Everybody loves lost Odyssey.
But, but you know what I mean? Like I have a patient like lost Odyssey also had a lot
of grinding and I was okay with that, but the pacing feels really, really off to me in this
game. And it's kind of ruining it for me. And that's why I was sending these angry texts.
It was just a shame. I'm like, the pacing in this game is fucked and I don't like it at all.
And, uh, the game tutorial, like it baffles my mind how they spend all this time talking about
some things, but then other things it's like, if you don't read the manual, you're not going to
understand it at all. And there's no paper manual. Of course you have to sit there and read it on
your game pad. You know, it's like, if it's one thing, if I could go take a potty break and read
the manual, you could take that in there with you. It's portable. Yes, that's true. But I'm just,
I don't know. Like the pacing feels really off to me. And that's why I'm like the Shane,
I don't think you're, I know you're here sticking up for it and that's fine,
but I don't think you're far enough to be bothered by what's bothering me.
But what's bothering you when we, when I talk about, I will tell you why it doesn't bother me.
All right. Well, that was my gaming week. So Shane, how was your gaming week?
Well, first of all, well, okay. But it's the game I played the least out of the things I'm
going to talk about. My first one, I started playing Mass Effect 3 again. Why? I just wanted
to, and I love it. I forgot how much I love it. You were secretly hoping Andromeda would somehow
be at the place. Yeah. I started watching videos on Andromeda. I think that was what was like,
it's time to start playing Mass Effect 3 again. And I am a huge lover of Mass Effect 3 and all
things Mass Effect. So I'm having a blast with that. Cause I'm in my Final Fantasy 14
funk phase right now. I'm just like, I don't really want to play it.
So that's Mass Effect 3. Okay. Now I'll talk about Xenoblade. So I didn't get a lot of time
with Xenoblade Chronicles X, but I will say I haven't beaten it yet, but I do have Xenoblade
Chronicles 3D on my 3DS and I love it. It's great. Love the combat, love everything about it.
So I spend like, you know, it's me an hour making my character on Xenoblade Chronicles X. I give
him Shulk's voice cause I love it. And then literally I play the little beginning part where
you're in the rain and I do the demo, the tutorial, whatever it's called. That's fine. And then
the scene where it turns sunny is breathtaking. Love it. Great. This music's awesome. And then
they're like, okay, let's go to town. You know, you shouldn't go down. It's going to be really
hard. You just, you know, take the upper path. And what I would assume if you do it, just, you know,
hit the enemies on the way and take the upper path, probably takes you 10 minutes.
I took almost an hour and a half because I was having so much fun attacking,
so much fun running around. I saw enemies that there's no way I could have killed,
but I would try to get around them to go to other places. For the record,
I did do a little bit of that too. Okay. An hour and a half. I didn't take the lower path.
I fell down to the lower path a couple of times. You said it took you about an hour to get to NLA.
That was actually an hour and a half because it was like one hour and 20 minutes.
I probably got there at about an hour and 15.
Okay. So you did the same thing as me. Okay. I don't understand.
It was collecting the little blue diamonds. I was like...
Oh, you'll see those all over the place.
Yes. Shane, I'm aware. I'm further than you.
Well, I'm just saying from Xenoblade Chronicles regular reasoning. And then I hit New LA and I
do the fight there. And then I have to turn it off because I have to get ready to go to
PlayStation Experience. But everything that you said you don't like about it, I love already.
I'm not an open world person. Somebody described this as Japanese developers take on a Western
open world RPG. I can kind of see that, but I love the combat. I love the music.
I don't get bored with the combat at all. Even killing the same things over and over again.
I learned the little cat rat monsters that are down by the water, you can cut their ears off.
And I was like, oh, that's something fun to try. So I kept doing that
because you can target different body parts.
Yeah. And the game never explains that.
Yeah. Well, it doesn't explain it so much as it's always in the upper right corner. It says
lock on to...
But it doesn't tell you why you'd want to do that or the advantage it gives you.
Well, I just think you should understand.
Target ears. Advantage. You're a heartless bastard.
Pretty much because these things are adorable. But no, everything that you say you don't like
about it. You're running from point A to point B and there's enemies that are way too high for you
or side quests that are a little too high. I like that stuff.
Here's the thing. I'm willing to give the game another chance. I'm not sitting here going...
And I still want to do multiplayer.
It's terrible. I don't know how because every time I go to the thing it says
currently undergoing maintenance. But anyway, I'm still willing to give the game a chance,
but I'm waiting for you because I know by noon tomorrow you'll be caught up to where I'm at.
And I need you to tell me what I'm doing wrong to get through chapter three because
it's not working for me right now.
What division did you pick?
The pathfinders.
Okay. I don't know what I'm going to pick yet. I haven't decided.
Because the beacon things... Exploration sounded fun. And now I regret that choice.
Apparently it doesn't really affect anything.
I've tried to research. And I even went on Game Facts. I'm like,
has anyone done a fact? Nope. Let me go on the board. Search chapter three.
And I'm not really finding a lot.
The one thing I will hit the game for is the controls.
I kind of thought they were going to be like Xenoblade Chronicles.
And the buttons are in different spots. It's really weird because of that.
They're not bad, I guess, if you're not currently playing Xenoblade Chronicles like I am.
But that's the one thing I would say is unsatisfactory to me right now.
But the music is great. The music is just the best.
Yeah, it does have some good music.
I love the battle theme. I don't care if everybody else hates it because it's random.
The boss. Some of the boss music is really good.
Oh, I can't wait.
Okay. Is that it for your gaming week?
That is it for my gaming week.
Okay. We can get into housekeeping here in 90 minutes.
Here's the thing. All right. We're not going to have a show next week.
And I know that's probably disappointing to hear. And I kind of apologize.
Well, I do apologize because we weren't here last week.
And we weren't here a few weeks ago when I had the flu.
And you know, I am very big on being regular with podcasts.
And I really don't like to just take weeks off all the time, but life happens.
And I know for most, most of you guys are really understanding.
And I thank you for that. I just don't like to miss so many weeks.
But the reality is November was just kind of a shit month.
I got the flu, which, you know, obviously killed the show that week.
And then last week, here's the thing.
We had canned the show anyway, because the show was Thanksgiving weekend,
which also happened to be Dan's birthday.
So we knew Jamie would be out and was like, all right, well, you know,
Loki and I will probably have some other stuff we want to do.
So let's just cancel the show.
I actually had, and I had a really bad accident on Sunday and I hurt myself pretty bad.
Where like, I had a swollen lip.
So ironically, even if we hadn't canceled the show in advance,
I couldn't talk for three hours last Sunday.
So we would have had to cancel it anyway.
So that was kind of just a shitty thing that happened.
I'm fine, by the way.
I got checked out by a doctor and everything, and I'm fine.
But it was just still kind of ruined my day that day.
And what's happening next week.
I mean, this is a good reason to cancel is that we're going to a convention.
We're going to be sponsoring VOG Network.
We'll be sponsoring GX, Everybody Games, which is going to be in San Jose next week.
And we have a table there, but here's the thing.
The convention actually doesn't end.
I thought we'd be able to sneak out of there early,
but the convention doesn't end until like seven.
And Jamie is all about the cosplay stuff, and that's the very last thing they're doing.
So we're just, we're not going to be able to get home in time to do the show.
So again, I know many of you are understanding,
but I know there's also some of you out there that are like, oh, what are we?
And I take, I'm very flattered when it's, you know,
how am I going to fill three hours this week with no OLR?
So, yeah.
So, and I'm looking at some of the comments in chat.
SGA100Matt says, OLR, the fiber of podcasts.
We're regular.
Yes, that's where I like to be.
And also some well wishes and glad I'm okay.
Yeah, I'm perfectly fine.
I actually, I don't know how much I should talk about this.
I actually, because I took a really nasty fall, I chipped my tooth and it's my front tooth.
Luckily it's not very noticeable, but certainly I notice it.
And I'm just paranoid it's going to get worse.
But thank God I have a dentist appointment this coming week.
And they were like, oh yeah, we can just do a little filling and your insurance covers it.
And I'm like, whew.
But still like it kind of freaked me out.
You know, you chip your front tooth and it's like, that's like a permanent thing, right?
So whew, thankfully that's going to be an easy fix.
But just to give you an idea, like how serious it was
and why I wouldn't have been able to do a show last week anyway.
So anyway, yeah, we will not be here next week.
But the good news is, whereas I bet many of your podcasts are not going to tape
for Christmas and New Year's as many of us don't, which is fine.
Actually the days work out really well for us this year.
We will still be continuing to give you Sunday shows throughout the holidays.
So we will still be here Christmas week.
We will still be here New Year's week.
So that's the trade-off is that we will continue through the holidays.
So at least you get that.
I don't foresee after next week we will have any more shows off.
Until February when I'm going to MAGFest.
Which I can't believe that's already kind of creeping up on us.
But yeah, February I'll be going to MAGFest in the Washington DC area.
So we won't have a show way out there.
So no show next week.
But if you are going to be at GX, please come by and say hi.
VOG Network will be in the expo hall.
We'll have a small table.
I will have some little things to give away.
I can't wait to help spread more awareness out there.
Because I think a lot of the 20-somethings that are probably attending this con probably
do more of the live streaming and that stuff.
Which is cool.
But I want to say, hey, podcasting is out there too for your car rides or for your data
entry job or things where you can do audio but not visual.
I just want to remind people that podcasts are out there.
And hopefully help them find a podcast on the network that's good for them.
I'm not just there to sell OLR, though I certainly will.
If people say we like video games, I'm going to say, hey, there's OLR.
There's also Bobby Black Wolf.
There's Ninja and Panda on Electric Sisterhood.
And then if they say they like Star Trek, then there's Grandpa's show.
And if they like movies and TV, there's certainly Critical Myth, Pod Culture, that
whole thing.
So we'll be there.
Also at GX, a panel Friday 3 o'clock is podcast Cross Zone 3.
I will be moderating and with some other podcasting pals out there.
Jamie's going to be on the panel as well.
We have some other people you haven't seen on the panel before.
We have some new people this year.
DJ Kirkland, who does Joystick Jockeys, is going to be joining us.
And Mario from La Polanca is going to be on the panel as well.
And this year's theme is Using Your Voice Constructively.
Can you believe they're letting me moderate that?
Using Your Voice Constructively.
No, in all seriousness.
And we'll take your questions as well.
So please come out and say hello if you're going to be at GX Friday at 3 o'clock and
at the table.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andrade with bognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, vacation.
I have an update to my week of gaming or whatever, because this is really important to me.
I forgot about it.
We know how much I love Splatoon.
So there was a Splatfest this weekend that I did not get to participate in.
And I did pick a shirt because I picked a team.
And this is in all the history of Splatfest, this is the first time I picked the winning
team, but I did not get to participate.
And it kills me.
You played the psychology game, right?
Because you knew burgers would be less popular.
Exactly.
I didn't want to, I wanted to be pizza, but I picked burgers because history has shown
for the most part, if you pick the least popular team, you're going to win.
So I'm just really upset that I actually had a winning team this time.
And I could have got a lot of stupid sea snails.
But no, I was at something else and I didn't get to play.
I totally forgot to play too, because I was too busy trying to figure out what the fuck
to do in XCX.
But you were lost.
You picked pizza.
No, I didn't pick any of them.
Oh, well you didn't pick any of them.
I was probably going to pick burgers for the same reason, your rationale, was that it was
going to be less popular and therefore it was going to...
Yeah, it just, it hurts so bad to actually know I could have won finally.
Well, the good news is they should do, they'll have another one in two weeks.
Yeah, Europe got theirs announced.
Theirs is pineapple on pizza, yay or nay.
I'm like, oh my gosh, who's running Europe's Splatfest?
It's so bad every time.
Pineapple on pizza, yay or nay.
But like, I'm that crowd, I love pineapple.
It's a little weird on pizza, but I don't hate it.
It's not even the point.
It's like, why is that something that you have to pick a side on for Splatfest?
Maybe they should have done like Hawaiian pizza or pepperoni and sau-
That's a little better.
What's a popular combination?
Live or die, make a choice.
It's just like they've had North Pole versus South Pole.
Well, Europe probably doesn't care about either pole, so why do you have to pick?
Okay, because the South Pole has penguins.
Now the North Pole has Santa Claus, but I'm still going to side with penguins.
Yeah, I probably would too.
There you go, right?
Wait, there was, did you see the penguin in the mech at the-
Yeah, I was like, that's so cute.
And then it started talking, I'm like, that is not as cute now.
I do not like its voice.
But it was a game I didn't really have any interest in.
All right, we got to get into some news.
DarkSagra is texting me going, you guys haven't gotten to my segment yet.
I'm like, actually, we're just now in How Was Your Gaming Week?
Because Shane talked for a good 45 minutes about the PlayStation Switch.
You asked me to come over.
But you did a great job.
No, you did a great job.
You really did.
There's a lot more too, but apparently I'm not talking about that.
Some shows, man, some of those episodes of Hoard House, you wouldn't say a damn thing,
but you just have to get excited.
I just have to care about what I'm talking about.
If I don't care, then I'm not going to be excited to talk about it.
All right, now let's talk about Final Fantasy 14.
All right.
Don't care about that right now.
All right, moving on.
Let's get into some news.
Loki's probably getting bored too.
I'm sorry, Loki.
You all right?
Planning your next field?
Planning my drive home.
All right.
Oh, actually, no, we already did your story for the kickoff topics.
We need to do me, huh?
I don't know.
I'm prepared too.
I don't even have the show roll up.
Yep.
Talk more about the PlayStation experience.
All right, yeah.
Tell us one other quick thing you haven't talked about yet.
Oh, crap.
Only one?
Pick one.
Another game you played.
What was another game I played?
I'll just talk about Thumper some more because everybody needs to play Thumper when it comes
out.
Thumper is so good visually.
It's really pretty.
If you like rhythm games, because that's all it really is, despite the way it looks, is
such a good rhythm game.
Do they have a release date window for it yet?
He just told me 2016.
Like every game.
But they do have a Twitter and a mailing list and all that.
So you should definitely check it out.
Watch some videos.
It feels violent when you play.
It's pretty awesome.
So if you like beating things up, this is good too for you.
Like you were about to do to somebody over a controller.
Well, if they were, no, they're just rude.
All right.
If you want to play something that's coming out this year, and for free.
Then there was nothing at that PlayStation experience for you.
You could, you know, well, no, I guess.
And a lot of stuff that's already out, actually.
This came out of the Game Awards.
But anyway, here's the deal.
Shadow Complex Remastered.
It was actually announced during the Game Awards.
And there's a PC version that's available right now on the Shadow Complex website.
Here's the deal.
It's free.
So if you want to play the Shadow Complex remaster, you can go do that for free on PC.
There will be a PlayStation 4 and Xbox One version, but no date on that yet.
And I imagine those will not be free.
Also, when I say free, when I went to the website to start to do it, it wanted to install
the Epic Games installer and all this stuff.
So I kind of feel like, yeah, it's free, but they're probably going to try to push some
other games on you.
So I haven't done it.
Maybe somebody in chat who has actually played at this point can enlighten me if there's
any types of advertisements or how they justify that free price.
Yeah, Dark Tetsuya says, oh yeah, you need the Epic installer for that.
So anyway, Shadow Complex, if you've never played it, it was on the Xbox 360.
It was one of their Xbox Live Arcade releases in 2009.
And it was given a lot of praise for being a Metroidvania type of game.
But it's more like a spy shoot type of thing.
So I guess it's maybe more like Bionic Commando in that regard.
I don't know.
But anyway, yeah, I like Shadow Complex enough.
So I hope to check this out soon.
Loki.
All right.
So this is really exciting because I haven't been able to play my Fallout 4 in Just Cause
3 because my wife's watching TV.
But just like on the Xbox One, they are working on remote play support for PC and Mac.
So you'll be able to stream your games to your PC, which is fantastic.
I would seriously get a ton of use out of this.
And so I hope that is a thing that happens very soon.
Otherwise, I'm going to have to actually build my second screen controller device thing that
I bought the parts for but never did anything with.
Do you guys find that you use this remote play feature?
Because I'm kind of, I was going to ask this as the Fugu question of the week, but I opted
for something else.
Like, do you guys use these remote play features?
Are they useful for you, Shane?
I never, I think I've done it once.
Actually, back when it was PSP and PS3, I streamed to my PSP.
I was like, I don't really like this, but I see it now, especially with the Vita.
And I'm sorry, I really wasn't paying attention to what this, what we're talking about.
No, I completely forgot.
I have my stupid PlayStation TV that's just sitting there buried because it's so small.
I just strapped that to my screen in remote play.
There you go.
I saw Sony really position the, I mean, they talked about Vita.
This weekend randomly, it was weird, but I think they're really trying to show with
all these like cross buys with PS4 and Vita now that the Vita is basically your remote
play thing for your PS4.
So I would like to use it more.
I think there are some really good games that would be more fun if I didn't have to always
just be by my TV.
And I guess now that it's for, that they're talking about doing it on your PC, I could
play something on my PC that I wanted to play on my TV.
And then my TV can play Twitch because it's all I watch on TV anymore, I feel like.
I have found that the remote play is something I use on the PC for the Xbox One.
I actually have streamed Xbox One to my PC because my PC is in my office.
So like if Alan's gaming, then I can kind of be in there too.
We can kind of both be gaming, doing our own thing.
And it's usually, especially in these winter months, it's a little warmer in my office.
So I tend to kind of like to be in there.
And I was playing, funny enough, I didn't talk about this during my gaming week because
it's a really old game, but Dungeon Siege 3 was free on the Xbox games with gold.
So I actually downloaded that to Xbox One.
I've been streaming that over to my PC and playing a little bit of that.
So that is a feature I use.
That'd be kind of cool if the PlayStation did that without me having to get one of those
TVs.
Yeah, exactly.
Because well, they're only $20 now.
Yeah, they'll be at the dollar store soon enough.
But no, they're, it's small enough.
I should just put that together.
I just haven't bothered to do that because it's kind of awkward to have that second screen.
I have a battery pack and everything ready to go.
I just need to wire it up and build a case for it.
Actually, the building the case for it was actually what's holding it back.
But I can duct tape it together.
That'll be just as good, right?
Maybe.
All right, let's talk about the NX.
Not to leave Nintendo out of these discussions.
We've talked a lot about Sony and I just talked a little bit about Microsoft.
But Nintendo, you know, a lot of folks curious what 2016 is going to bring as far as the
NX goes.
And it seems, which obviously won't be its final name, but that's what everybody's calling
it for now.
Just like, what was everybody calling the Wii U before they gave it a name?
Wasn't like, was that the one that they called?
No, Dolphin was GameCube.
Revolution was Wii.
What did they call Wii U?
I don't remember, but I know everybody...
Unnecessary?
They called it the Wii U.
I remember everybody was like...
A disappointment.
The project name was way better than the real name.
So anyway, with NX, Tatsume Kimishima.
Do you guys know that name?
President of Nintendo.
Okay, good.
I bet a lot of people don't know, kind of forget that he's now the new president of
Nintendo ever since the unfortunate passing of Satoru Iwata.
But he made some comments this week in Time magazine.
And he was talking about his involvement with the Wii shortages in the mid 2000s.
So they were getting on some other topics.
But of course, the NX got brought up.
And he said this quote,
I can assure you, we're not building the next version of Wii or Wii U.
NX is something unique and different.
It's something where we have to move away from those platforms in order to make it something
that will appeal.
Now, the reason why I think this is interesting is because all the rumors right now about
NX make it sound like it's a Wii U, but the gamepad detaches in a way where you can take
that with you out on the street, out on the road, and it's a fully functional device that
plays the same games.
That's some of the rumor, at least the impression I'm getting from some of these early rumors
what this thing is all about.
So the fact that he's coming out and saying it's nothing like Wii U kind of directly conflicts
with that.
But these rumors sound like remote play, which is what everybody's already doing, basically.
I do also want to chime in with my 10 seconds of internet research.
Codename for Wii U was Project Cafe.
And actually Bobby Blackwolf, to his credit, chimed in the chat room with that.
I was going to get to that.
That's not even better than Wii U, so it was a step up.
To be fair, yeah, that was kind of the worst of all the different names, but yeah.
Project Cafe.
I always think of that DDR song.
Yeah, I was like, that's kind of cool.
With Charlie Brown and Sally.
Anyway, and Tigerclaw noting, since we were talking about Nintendo today, would have been
Satoru Iwata's 56th birthday.
And of course, he got a great tribute at the Game Awards as well.
So, all right.
So anyway, yeah, the NX is going to be something completely different.
It may not include a disk drive, apparently, but again, he hasn't commented on that.
If it doesn't include a disk drive, then it better come with a massive amount of storage
space because I've seen people champion that the Wii U is such a consumer-friendly system
with its 32GB hard drive and you can buy extra stuff.
Sorry, that is just a complete lie.
It is not.
I really hope it does have a disk drive.
And the reason why is even though I do buy a lot of my games digitally, I like having
the option to be able to get those at a discounted rate.
And at least with Sony and Microsoft, they tend to discount their stuff pretty often.
Nintendo, not so much.
And you have that closed market where they aren't dropping the price of their games.
I'm just not expecting much.
And just to have the option period, like, I do a lot of digital now too, but you all
start to run out of space.
And that's something that happened with Xenoblade for me.
And I went out and, like, there's no good...
Xenoblade's like 22GB and the hard drive in that thing is, what, 32GB?
But only 25GB that you get to use.
So if you have any other...
I had to delete, like, half my stuff off of my Wii U because there's no good storage
options.
I deleted the Metroid Prime trilogy, regretfully, so I could make space for those Xenoblade
Miracles packs.
I deleted Nintendo Land, which was not a big loss, but I did delete that.
But when I say delete, it's not like I can't re-download it later.
So don't be all like, Rob, why are you hating on Metroid?
I can always download it later.
You're not hating on Metroid.
You're hating on the lack of storage space.
Yes, I'm hating on lack of storage space.
And, to be fair, I did have more fun with the Metroid Prime trilogy than I'm having
with XCX right now.
Lots of fighting words.
I'm leaving the door open to change my opinion on XCX later.
Just so you can slam it in its face.
Stop it.
All right, so...
I'll figure it out tonight.
We'll see what happens with the NX later on.
Hey, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see what's coming
out, although I imagine things are slowing down significantly.
But we'll check in with Loki with US releases.
Yes, so things are slowing down significantly.
But this week is pretty exciting because not only are there Earth Defense Force games coming
out, there's two Earth Defense Force games coming out.
So Earth Defense Force 4.1, The Shadow of Despair, coming out on PlayStation 4, and
Earth Defense Force 2, Invaders from Planet Space for the Vita.
And then the Wii U is getting Devil's Third.
Oh, finally.
In America.
Yes.
I watched some streams of that when it came out in Japan.
Maybe they should have canceled it.
It just is not great.
It seems like, as well, a lot of games are getting patches and things like that this
week.
Like, it's not just...
Like, as I know, Rock Band's got its, like...
Tony Hawk's getting one too.
We made the game now that we promised.
Well, hey, does this mean I can actually buy the game now?
Oh, I still wouldn't, probably.
Is that it for...
That is it.
Yeah, those three.
Let's go to Japan real quick and check out the releases there.
On the 10th of December in Japan, Gravity Days with the...
That's Gravity Rush.
Oh, is that the sequel?
Wait, what's it say?
D-A-Z-E, Gravity Days.
No, Gravity Days would still be...
No, that's a different...
That's just the remaster if it's PS4.
Oh, got it, got it, got it.
Yeah, they have a different name for it.
That's right, they have a different name for it.
Okay, so that's...
That looks like my card I got.
That's the remaster, or I'm sorry, yeah, the PlayStation 4 remaster.
That's out in...
Excuse me, Japan this week.
As is Nitro Plus Blaster's Heroine Infinite Duel and Steins Gate Zero.
And Koffing.
And lots of Koffing, excuse me.
And Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, all coming out on the PlayStation 4 in Japan this week.
So things not slowing down over there.
On the Wii U, however, things are still slow.
Wii U doesn't have anything until after Christmas in Japan at this point.
So lastly, though, I do want to look at the handhelds,
because even though Nintendo doesn't usually have Wii U stuff, they sometimes have 3DS stuff.
And yeah, this week, Pokemon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire in a gift pack.
Yeah, it's just a bundle.
You know, it's just a bundle with both games for the few of you that don't have that yet.
It may come with something too, I forget.
Also, Baymax Heroes Battle and Nico Pucci Girls Runway comes out this week.
Lastly, on the Vita, because, you know, Vita in Japan is still a big thing.
The Eiyu Densetsu Sora no Kiseuke SC Evolution in regular limited edition.
Steins Gate Zero.
Idolmaster, Musongs, Blueboard, and Redboard.
I'm assuming those are different song lists.
And then Valkyrie Drive B.
Kakuni comes out this week as well.
So still a busy week over in Japan.
And I'm going to try to peek here at the Europe release dates for Jamie,
since she's not here tonight.
Although we will hear from her in a little bit.
Things slowing down in Europe significantly.
The only release I see of note this week.
Darius Burst Chronicle Saviors on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
But I bet this list I'm looking at doesn't include anything they
surprise unveiled at that PlayStation Expo.
So keep that in mind.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then we're going to get Jamie here to do the Classic Game of the Week.
First, Loki.
All right, so there apparently has been some leaks on Steam.
And this is regarding the Steam database.
Some games that have popped up that have appeared in the database.
As potential help topics or part of the help desk.
So included with this, they've got, let's see.
Stranger of Sword City, Criminal Girls, Earth Defense Force 4.1.
I may have to get that for PC as well.
Sonic Boom.
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
Steins Gate.
Little King's Story.
Guilty Gear.
Xrd Sign.
Bad Rat Show.
Final Fantasy 6.
Final Fantasy X and X2.
HD Remaster.
Danganronpa 1 and 2.
And Half Life 3, of course.
Everybody needs to get on that.
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture because that is one of the best games of this year.
So if you don't have a PS4, get it on PC.
I still have a hard time calling that a game.
But it's one of the best interactive experiences I've had.
So if you had like a top five games of the year list,
it couldn't make it there because you can't call it a game?
No, it probably will be on my list for the greatest games of the year.
But I with the footnote that this is very unlike other games that you're used to.
It's no different than like a visual novel.
Right, but when I was talking about Gone Home, I said the same thing.
But at least Gone Home had like three puzzles in it.
I never played that.
That's really not a bad game.
It's definitely worth looking at.
But that's cool.
If everybody's Gone to the Rapture is coming to PC, will you buy it again?
Because I probably will.
Actually, depending on the price.
I do like it a lot.
I would like to support them so they make more games
because they do have one of my favorite games of the year.
Yeah, I probably would.
Okay.
All right, well, speaking of Steam, if you have way too many games on Steam,
you are wanting to get rid of something permanently.
You can now do that.
You can delete games from your Steam account forever,
which I don't know really why you'd want to do this.
But it was suggested that maybe like a friend buys you a gag gift or something
that you don't really want.
But then I'm like, can't you just put it in your inventory?
Yeah, you don't have to sell it or give it to somebody else.
Or it's a little weird to me.
Can you just give games that you own to other people?
No, once you've played them, you can't put them back in your inventory.
If someone buys you a gift copy, you don't have to redeem it.
You can just keep it in your inventory.
And then after like so many days, you can trade it.
I see.
Yeah.
But if you want to get rid of a game, then you can do that.
So now Steam has the option.
If you want to eliminate something for your Steam account altogether,
you can do that.
You do not get a refund for it.
It just removes it from your library.
Also interesting, games, if they were a part of a bundle,
cannot be removed individually.
You will have to remove the entire bundle.
So anything that shared the same key is what.
So basically, it's lifting the keys from your account, it sounds like.
Once again, though, I don't understand why you would do that.
If you're just like looking to get rid of something off your list,
you can sort them into like folders and stuff now, I think.
Yeah, or if you're looking to uninstall the files,
if that's your problem is you're running out of hard drive space, maybe.
I could see you want to do that.
But isn't the point of your Steam collection is to make it as big as possible?
I mean, isn't that the point?
Why would we want to remove keys?
It depends on how you want to play the game.
It depends on how you want to do that.
Collect them all.
But, you know, Jamie did buy me Hatful Boyfriend,
and I'm like, do I really want this game?
No, I'm kidding.
Of course, I want that game.
I do need to spend more time with it at some point.
Anyway, speaking of Jamie, we're going to get her on the line.
It's time to bring her on because she needs to do one of her segments for us.
So we're going to do this old school here and call her phone right now.
And hopefully she knows that we're on our way and we'll be there
because that would be very embarrassing if she doesn't end up picking the phone up.
So we'll see.
Oh, boy, this.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay. How are you?
Good. So you're not here in studio tonight.
Are you okay, Jamie? We're worried about you.
Yeah, I'm okay.
I just I started helping my friends move around one o'clock.
We didn't get done with the whole thing until 4 a.m.
Oh, my God.
So we moved from 1 p.m. to 4 a.m.
Moving sucks.
It sucks so bad.
I think it's punishment for stealing in some countries.
It really is.
It's awful.
Well, I am well medicated and the cold muscles are feeling better.
But when you're medicated, that means you can't drive.
Exactly.
Exactly. All right.
Well, at least we get you on the show tonight in some capacity.
Don't worry.
Shane has been talking our ears off about the PlayStation experience,
but we've learned a lot about PlayStation VR tonight.
He did a very good job.
Thank you.
All right.
But I guess I can say this.
Shane was like, hey, if I'm coming to the show, can I do the classic game of the week?
And I was like, nope.
Because I was just going to do like one of the bus to move games or dance.
So I just have to get that out there.
All right.
That's fair.
Although I believe he's probably done them all.
Probably not dance summit, though.
Maybe not.
All right.
No, I don't think I've done dance on it, but it depends on if it's over 10 years old.
Well, now, yeah, it is tonight over.
I think for the classic of the week tonight, let me play a little music.
You give the spiel every week.
Dark soccer jumps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey,
you people need to put down your episodic remakes and your VR headsets and play this.
And this is a game that I think should come to VR headsets, by the way.
And tonight's game is, I think, one of those games where I think you're all going to love it,
but you're all also going to go, oh, my God, that's 10 years old.
Because remember, that's the criteria.
Game has to be 10 years old to be considered a classic game.
So dark soccer.
And dance summit does qualify, by the way.
I bet.
Yeah, I know dance summit qualifies if this one does.
Dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
Katamari Damacy.
Yeah, I finally, finally decided to do this because I had already done Tetris,
and Tetris sort of fit the theme of all the moving last night.
But we did move a lot of stuff.
So Katamari, yeah, I can qualify.
So, um, Katamari is actually, for the record, just real quick,
Katamari is actually 11 years old, if you can believe it.
It's not just 10, it's 11.
Yeah.
And it's something that's come out in the lifetime of the show, too,
because we remember we had the giant Katamari at E3 that year.
We were obsessed with this shit when it came out.
We got one of our demo discs that we were giving to people was on the official Katamari.
To be fair, I think that was actually when they were doing Beautiful Katamari,
which was the sequel on 360.
I think that's what Namco is promoting,
because when this came out with kind of little fanfare in the States,
whenever it was kind of a cult game.
Yeah, super hard to find at times.
True.
Well, at any rate, Katamari Damacy literally translates to clumped soul.
It came out, um, it was done by Namco.
It came out on PS2, first of course in Japan and then in North America.
And it was actually the result of a school project from
Namco Digital Hollywood Game Laboratory.
It cost less than a million to make.
So it actually cost, I believe, just under a tenth of what Ridge Racer cost to make.
So the whole point was that it needed to be novel, easy to understand, and highly enjoyable.
So the whole point of the game, I mean, and if you don't know what this is by now,
then come out from under a rock.
But the king of all cosmos got drunk and partied and destroyed all the stars.
And the moon.
So he attacked his son with cleaning up his mess.
So he has to roll over things in the world to make stars and
build constellations and even remake the moon.
And it is very stylized.
The world is very surreal.
I mean, when you've got people walking on the back development,
you know, in the middle of the city district, then that's weird.
Either that or that could be San Francisco, I don't know.
So basically, it was kind of a sleeper when it came out.
People were like, what's this?
And then, oh, that's what that is.
And it's made a bunch of sequels and stuff.
But let's go ahead and start back with the control of the game.
Basically, one of the things that actually was put into kind of the background story
is that there...
Because you start in the family homes of the Hoshino family.
And the father, who's an astronaut, can't go to the moon
because the king danced around and destroyed it.
And one of the things that...
I guess this wasn't really played up a lot for the US one,
but his daughter could see that the prince was going to work putting things together.
However, for their entire family, their house and their town are now part of the moon.
So anyway, you basically use the little analog to control
how you're steering the Katamari.
It kind of feels like battle zones where you can kind of turn, kind of flip, move them around.
You can also wiggle them and make it spin so you can go faster.
And you start with small things and then you pick up bigger things.
And sometimes you need specific things.
Like, I think there's one where you pick up, like, all cats.
Wasn't that it?
I seem to remember something like that.
Yeah, it was like all one thing.
Yeah, so the more of things of that size, the bigger you make the Katamari, the bigger it'll grow.
And then your perspective changes until, like, the last level,
you start off kind of human size, or maybe less than human size,
and you grow to world size, picking up islands and files and shit.
So, um, but the basic gameplay is the naked star mode,
where you have to build your Katamari to a particular size within your time limit.
And, you know, the king kind of gives you a hard time as you're going through the level.
But the king is fabulous.
I love the king of all causes.
And then a two-player you can play as the prince or his cousins.
So you can kind of do a simultaneous sort of versus as you go.
But anyway, the game was designed by Takahashi Keita
at his school project for the Namco Digital Hollywood Game Laboratory.
And it was an institute for game development education.
And his thesis was that if you have core gameplay ideas,
that it could make a successful game,
meaning that it has to be easy to understand, novel, and enjoyable,
and on top of that includes humor with it.
And he was, I think, singled out by Iwatani Toru,
who is the head of research and development at Namco,
that this could be something that was very similar to how Pac-Man works,
you know, that its simplicity and easy fun could make it successful.
So the gameplay was patented and they started working on it.
So it was revealed in 2003 at Tokyo Game Show as a snowball simulator.
Well, that's what the press called it.
And the demo had this red ball called Tamako Barashi,
which is part of a school game the kids play.
And then depending on how well they thought it was in the US,
but if they were going to give it a full release.
So it got really good reviews and they said,
you know what, we're going to do this.
So it was moderately successful in Japan.
It sold its first week 32,000 units,
and then over 155,000 by Nancy Spelt and Co.,
which was less than what they hoped would sell.
But then in the US, it sold pretty well
and just gained momentum over and over.
It was not released in Europe and Australia
because they thought it was going to be too quirky.
However, EA picked up the sequels for release in Europe.
The games had sequels.
I mean, we had the sequel We Love Katamari,
which was pretty much the Japanese name Mima Daisuke Katamari Damachi.
Well, technically it was Everyone Loves Katamari Damachi.
And then there were Me and My Katamari,
which was Mokumo Itashi no Katamari Damachi in Japanese,
which was basically My My Katamari Damachi,
meaning a masculine and a neutral speaker.
That was for PST.
Beautiful Katamari Damachi also came out on Xbox 360,
which is what we had our thing up for, right?
And the story of that one is to close up black holes
that were made when the team played tennis.
The king just needs to retire.
And then there was a Kobarashi Puzzle Katamari Damachi
that came for DSiWare, which was more of a puzzle game.
There was Touch My Katamari.
Yay, fun name.
Rolling with Katamari, which was the Nintendo DCP-904i for the phone.
And then Katamari Damachi Mobile came out for a bunch of different services,
and then I Love Katamari came out for iOS.
I was just going to say, the series has been kind of quiet for a little while.
I guess the iPhone one is the most recent,
but I really feel like the Vita version was really the last one I played,
and that was during the Vita launch.
So I think it's time for Katamari to come back, personally.
I think we're ready.
There's a little bit more.
The last one that came out was in 2011, which was Katamari Amore,
but it was a kind of a pay-to-play type of thing,
and it's since been removed from the App Store.
There's a Korean developer called WindySoft
that said they were going to do a Katamari Damachi online
that was supposed to be on 2007, but it never came out in the US.
And that was really kind of the end of it.
That last thing we had was in Council 11, which was the Katamari Amore.
So no more.
Although we did have one of the cousins show up in Namco High.
Oh yeah, that's right.
I remember that with that whole game.
There was a lot of cameos from different Namco characters there.
So there it is.
Yeah, the main character you play at is the cousin.
There it is, folks, your classic game of the week,
Katamari Damachi, one of the all-time classics, in my opinion.
And the album, by the way, I do have to make a comment about the music.
The music is highly eclectic.
I mean, we have a combination of like lounge jazz to easy listening stuff to kind of poppy tunes,
but the album was put out as Katamari Fortissimo Damachi.
So definitely worth listening to.
It's a very good album.
Yeah, the music is almost what makes the game for a lot of people, I think.
It's so, so funny.
I still have three of the tracks in my car that I drive around to.
Nice.
But don't use your car to roll things up.
It doesn't work like that.
No, I just roll over people.
I'm kidding.
All right.
Well, Dark Soccer...
Oh, go ahead.
Don't forget, this gave us No B No B Boy, which no one still gets.
I don't think anyone does get that game to this day.
Do they still sell that one?
I thought they did listed that one too.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Well, it had a physical release, but I've been playing it on iOS randomly
and posting up how close Boy and Girl are to meeting.
I wonder if Boy and Girl has met yet.
I wonder if he's ever going to make another game.
I know he kind of left to go make playgrounds and stuff,
but I'm curious to see if he ever comes back to gaming.
It'll be pretty cool.
We'll have to find out.
Dark Soccer, we will not be here next week because you and I are going to go to GX,
and I believe you are planning to participate in the cosplay pageant.
That's going to happen at the time the show is on.
I am.
So we will not be back until late Sunday, and it's all your fault.
No, I'm kidding.
We're going to have a lot of fun, and I'm very excited to see a lot of people there at the con.
So you can come by and meet Jamie and I at the table, assuming that one of us...
Because Jamie is going to have to hold down the fort when there's a panel I want to see,
and vice versa, and luckily we have Alan to help with some of that too.
But come by and meet us, and it'll be a lot of fun.
So Jamie, we will see you in studio again here in two weeks.
Indeed.
And have a happy Hanukkah.
I know today was first day, so...
Yep.
So yeah, and I wish everybody else happy Hanukkah through celebrating.
And for the folks at GamerX, I'm trying to get my hands on LEDs now because
we need to have candle lighting because I can't be the only Jew there.
Yeah, so you may be leading the Jews in a Hanukkah celebration at GX.
I think that's great.
Yeah, it'll be fabulous.
All right.
Well, Dark Sakura, we'll talk to you in a couple weeks, but I will see you very soon.
See you soon.
See you.
All right.
Bye, dear.
Rest up.
Bye.
All right.
Dark Sakura, not here in studio tonight, but still able to deliver one of her classic
segments there, the classic game of the week.
And one of those games, again, she says it and it's like,
how has that not been a classic game yet?
But 11 years old.
I have great memories of Katamari.
Shane, big fan of Katamari Damacy.
The first two games.
I think it really lost its charm and steam after that second one.
You know why it did is because the games that came after it were all kind of like,
just biting off those first two games.
It was like compilation games.
Yeah, it was like, yeah, of like two games.
So I think that's kind of where they went wrong with it.
And I thought, wasn't there like a trademark for a new Katamari game recently?
Let us pray because I think it would be great to read that up while you're talking.
Wouldn't that be hilarious if that was in VR?
Cause that's something, I don't know.
I'd probably get motion sick though playing something like that, but who knows?
We'll see what's coming.
Anyway, actually, Shane, though, I do want to say we are going to break here and take
a break before we come back for Orange Falls Radio part B, but you're actually going to
take off because you haven't been home yet.
You came.
No, I came straight over.
You came straight over PlayStation experience.
Well, thank you for stopping by.
Tap Mike Katamari was a new trademark by Namco Bandai about a week ago.
That sounds like another phone game though.
Yeah, it sure does.
I don't know about that.
Maybe Wii U, I can dream.
I don't know.
NX, maybe?
Who knows?
All right.
Shane, anything else?
Thank you very much.
You did a great job explaining the VR stuff and we all appreciated your enthusiasm and
I agree.
Sony should probably just hire you as a salesperson at this point.
But anything you want to add to that before we let you go?
Not really.
I think everybody should try to go next year if you can, if it's feasible.
Do you think Microsoft and Nintendo should do something similar?
It's hard to say because we were actually talking about this earlier today.
Microsoft I think could try to pull it off.
I don't think it would have the same excitement because whether you like to admit it or not,
they're still like the groups or the types of people associated with each product and
PlayStation has become the more eclectic group.
So there's lots of stuff for everybody.
But Microsoft, if they had one, I think it'd be mostly shooters because they can't seem
to show off anything else.
I think if they talk about anything else, I think if they did one maybe between E3 and
now, I think that would have been a great time for them to show those exclusive games.
Like they could have probably done a show around Rise of the Tomb Raider, you know,
all the things that came out this holiday that were exclusive to them.
And maybe they could have had a pretty.
So I don't know if I would like count them out completely.
Well, you'd also have to get the indie support, which I don't think Microsoft really has.
I think they have more than you think they have more than you think.
Keep in mind, like Ori and the Blind Forest.
That's also on PC.
It is.
And that's going to happen a lot with Microsoft, though.
But anyway, you would never be able to get tickets to it.
Well, not only that, but I feel like it would be the one that would get the most hype,
but would be ultimately the one that would let the most people down
because Nintendo is so guarded with their stuff that I don't feel like you would get
a great experience out of it.
I don't think they would showcase as much new stuff as the other two would.
I think they would be more resting on these are the games that you can play right now.
Or these are our titles that are really popular versus these are coming out.
This is something we just announced.
Go crazy over it.
That's how I feel about that.
All right.
Enact.F in chat at live.vognetwork.com points out Nintendo has their directs too.
Although with the Universal Studios Park deal, you could have one.
So that's an interesting concept that Nintendo may have like a year round type of thing.
They do holiday tours through malls showing off their stuff.
And from what I hear, this year's is kind of lackluster.
And that's kind of also shaping my opinion of if Nintendo did one.
I just think it would not be to the scale as Sony's was this year or what Microsoft
could potentially do.
Right.
And Sony is going to have to do something similar with that VR.
They're going to have to put it out there for people to try.
Yes, because even though I knew I'd like it, I was still hesitant.
I was like, that thing is kind of clunky.
Look, it actually feels really good on your head, but it looks clunky.
I don't see why I'd really want one with playing those two games.
I definitely want one as long as the price isn't crazy.
All right.
Well, Shane, thank you for being here.
You're always here once a month or so.
So I'm sure we'll see you again.
So maybe we can have another argument about XCX once we've spent more time with it.
Or maybe I'll come around or maybe you'll get the frustrations I have.
We'll see.
We'll find out tonight, probably.
We'll find out and we'll let you guys know in two weeks when OLR is back.
So, okay.
But actually, OLR was just going to take a quick break and we'll be back.
We still have part B of the show to come because we still have some more news to get into.
The FUGA question of the week, the mailbag, which I think we have like four emails tonight.
And we're going to talk about whatever you guys want with your phone calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Sadly, Shane won't be here, so you can't ask him about the show.
Although, I don't know.
You're going to listen to your car or whatever.
You can still ask.
I just won't answer because I won't be here.
Just pretend I'm here.
Still ask your question.
Sometimes Shane listens and then he'll text me.
Well, it's usually if I have to correct you on something.
Yeah, exactly.
So if I mess something up, I'll get a text message.
We'll see if I'm listening tonight.
I got to drive and do a couple of things.
Gotcha.
All right.
Fair enough.
I have to go pick up amiibo that we have ordered.
Yeah.
Where's my modern Mario?
I came right over here.
No, I understand.
I understand.
All right, let's do it.
We're going to go to break.
We will be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, everybody, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight on December the 6th of 2015.
Yes, we are in December, the end of the years in sight.
Episode number 623 of our show already in progress.
Shane was here for the first half of the show,
had an extended chat about the PlayStation experience.
He had a lot to say about the VR.
We talked a little bit about that and also letting you guys know
we're not going to be here next week again.
And I know that's three missed shows in the span of about six weeks.
We apologize, but life sucks sometimes.
That's really the easiest I can put it.
Although, this coming weekend is really not a bad reason at all.
We love conventions, and GX is going to be a fun one.
And hoping that we'll get to meet some of you guys there.
And hey, at least there's going to be the panel.
And they don't live stream the panels, but they will put it up on YouTube.
You can actually see if you search for podcast space X space zone.
I know the one we did last year comes right up.
I don't remember about the one with the first year when Fox Van Allen moderated.
But I think that's out there on YouTube somewhere as well.
So you can check those out, some of our podcasting talks.
We're going to have a third one coming up at GX this weekend,
which is almost sold out.
So if you are going to plan on buying your ticket on site,
I really would encourage you not to do that
because there's not going to be a lot left, it sounds like.
So get that in advance.
They were down to like 200, I think, last I looked.
So they're starting to run out.
Anyway, we got some rapid-fire news coming at you.
And we're going to get into your calls in a little while at 1877 Game O-L-R.
We're using them on Skype, Orange, Orange Radio.
Real quick though, I have to say this before we get into rapid-fire news.
I need to say something about this because it's crucially important.
I want to take a moment here to tip our proverbial hat here at Orange Lounge Radio
to some good friends of mine that I've been podcasting with for a very, very, very long,
long time.
Travis Donovan and Jessica Harper finally ended the long-running under sedation live
last night was actually the last show and I was honored they asked me to be on it.
I was hoping I'd get a phone call and at the end to say something silly,
but they let me on the show to really razz Travis as he deserved for the time.
And yeah, under station live here.
Saturday is on the network for the past few years since we've been doing VOG.
Under station live on the air since 2001.
Under station live was actually a show I was doing before Orange Lounge Radio.
In some ways, Orange Lounge Radio was actually a spin-off of under station live.
I mean, I kind of say that just because I was on them both and Jamie was a very frequent
guest host over on under station live.
And then we kind of went and did this thing.
Under station live started around the Rocky or a picture show community, which you guys
know I've been involved with.
I've talked about it here on this show.
And then, you know, we kind of had the idea with our soccer myself.
Hey, let's do something about music games.
You know, DDR and Beatmania and all the stuff we were playing at the time.
And then that kind of evolved into where we're at now, where we talk about all video games
and more of a gaming show.
And then, of course, Loki, who we also met playing DDR, came along for the ride.
You never did under station live, though, huh?
That was a little I think Travis moved before we knew you.
So there's really no opportunity there for you to be on that show.
But it did finally end.
So Travis Donovan is retiring and he's not really feeling it if he's going to come back
anytime soon.
But I'm hoping for some movie specials.
I was joking with him last night.
You know, when Murder, She Wrote went off the air, they still did like three TV movies.
And I think Matlock did the same thing.
So we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
But thanks, Travis, for showing me that any idiot can podcast.
I gave him the same line last night, but it's true.
You know, he really opened the door and showed me that you can set up this internet broadcasting
thing in your house.
And it kind of enabled what we ended up with here at Orange Lounge Radio.
So this show would not exist, certainly in the same way it does now if it weren't for
Travis.
And Jessica, big thanks to you as well for being a co-host those first few years with
me and keeping Travis's ass in check these last few years.
I really appreciate that.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get back into some rapid fire news.
Loki, I think your mic is muted, Loki.
I want to make sure your mic is not because I unmuted the wrong thing.
Sorry about that, Loki.
Go ahead.
I unmuted Shane's mic, not your mic, and he's not even here.
Sorry about that.
Anyways, I was gonna say Rock Band is hard enough in my opinion, but hey, if you want
it even harder, they're gonna be putting out this brand new mode.
It is, I guess, like a brutal mode.
And what brutal is, is it's basically the expert difficulty, but the notes disappear
as they come towards the spot where you actually have to strum to hit them.
So it's like, was it hidden?
Yeah, hidden in DDR.
So that'll be coming out soon in an update.
I guess it's on December 8th.
So look for that.
Amplitude will be coming to PlayStation 4 soon as well.
It's gonna be hitting on January 5th for $19.99.
It's gonna include 30 songs, a single player campaign, and multiplayer.
And the track list looks pretty nice, so I may have to pick that up.
And then Tony Hawk 5, or Pro Skater 5.
Not a great game when it came out, and hopefully this will help fix some of the problems.
But they have a massive patch that's gonna be adding content to the game and fixing a
lot of the bugs that were in the game as well.
They're including some new levels, including Underground and Wild West.
Some new character campaigns, I guess Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Tyler the Creator as well.
And hopefully fixing some of the bugs that were in the game, because it was pretty buggy.
So, we'll see.
All right, my turn.
Let's get to Super Mario Maker.
Some updates on that game, which is a game that I find I'm really addicted to watching
people stream that on Twitch, I gotta say.
Shane is always telling me about how he watches all these people playing games on Twitch.
And then I kind of started just getting into watching random people play Super Mario Maker.
So, that's kind of fun.
But anyway, Super Mario Maker, some updates coming to that game.
There is a new course based on the NES Remix series that's available in Super Mario Maker.
And when you beat it, you will unlock the Frog Suit from Mario Brothers 3, which is
pretty cool.
But keep in mind, it's a costume for 8-bit Mario Brothers.
It doesn't actually provide the functionality, nor can you use it in the Super Mario Brothers
3 stages.
That is lame.
Now, I think Nintendo kind of realized the game was missing it, and there's been a lot
of fan feedback.
So, I think this is them kind of like at least throwing a bone to that whole thing.
Maybe doing whatever they can with that.
Who knows?
Maybe there'll be a better patch or something later on.
After all, they did add checkpoints to the game.
They haven't had DLC yet.
Not official DLC, but they have had these extra costumes through special levels you
can play online.
So, that's something.
The level, by the way, is apparently really easy.
So, you can unlock that costume no problem.
Yacht Club Games talking about DLC and amiibo functionality.
Because, you know, the Shovel Knight amiibo I think finally got dated for early January.
So, there's also some DLC going to be coming for that.
But, they are talking about new relics, equipment, the ability to customize Shovel Knight's
look, challenge stages, and of course on Wii U there's going to be two-player co-op,
which I think will be very exciting.
Now, I guess somebody suggested that they should add Tingle as a character to the game.
Since, you know, there's a Nintendo tie-in, and what an appropriate character for Shovel
Knight, right?
To which they replied, we don't have any plans for more Nintendo-specific DLC content.
But, we'd love to do something with Tingle.
He's the best.
That is accurate.
He is the best.
Loki is available, by the way, for your voiceover needs.
Just go play Flappy Vog if you want to get a preview.
Yeah, don't.
Last but not least, Retro City Rampage.
Maybe this is a game more suited to your talents, Loki.
Retro City Rampage going to be getting a sequel.
And, if you ever played Retro City Rampage, you know, it's kind of an 8-bit looking game.
So, of course, the sequel, it's a 16-bit looking game.
Shakedown Hawaii is the same character that was in Retro City Rampage named Player.
And it's going to be taking place 30 years after the events of Retro City Rampage.
There you go.
We know that Shakedown Hawaii will be coming out for Nintendo, PlayStation, and Steam.
But, we don't know if there's anything extra beyond that at this point.
But, if Retro City Rampage is any indication, it'll probably be everywhere.
All right, let's get to the foogle question of the week.
You take Facebook, you take Google Plus, you slam those together, you get foogle.
That is not the right song.
That's awkward.
Let's try that again.
You take Facebook and Google and you throw them together and you get foogle.
Much better.
That's the song I was looking for.
Why do I even have that other song in the playlist?
Do we have a segment that uses that song?
Which song?
Santa Milette?
I don't think we never heard that.
Maybe we did at one point and I forgot.
I don't know.
It's been a long decade plus of our own here at O.L.R.
When did we do that for Ask Orange Lounge?
No, that's the Keyboard Mania song.
It's the Keyboard Mania song, but I don't know if we did other things.
I don't know.
I have weird stuff in the playlist.
Anyway, I was asked to ask Tetsuya.
He knows more about the show than I do.
All right, so let's get to tonight's question.
This weekend, of course, is the PlayStation experience and more information was detailed
on the PlayStation VR, including some game announcements like Res Infinite.
Now that we're getting details on the games, how excited are you for PlayStation VR?
Is it something you plan to purchase?
Although admittedly, we don't know a price, but you're probably still forming some opinions.
Why or why not?
So we get to Andy R who says, I'm currently leaning towards getting PlayStation VR.
I tried it at PSX last year and I liked the tech, but wasn't as impressed by the games
or lack thereof.
Playing Rigs at E3 and now seeing the several game announcements at PSX, I'm more convinced
that Sony is making an effort to support it and devs are working on stuff I'll actually
want to play.
Price will obviously be the biggest hurdle for me, so I hope they give us news on that
front soon.
Fabrice A on Facebook says, I'll wait for a while.
I'm afraid virtual reality will be a fad, just like 3D televisions were.
The bulky goggles don't really help and it's expensive.
Much like the Kinect, it's great technology with great potential, but I'm not convinced
yet.
SSG100Matt says, I'm still in a wait and see pattern.
While I am a VR believer, I do think it will take some time for Sony and its partners to
get a handle on the VR before it's optimal.
Sadly, unless there is that must-have AAA title that Sony is hiding, I foresee consumers
holding off as well.
It's going to be a slow going and I'm sure initially for VR, but Sony needs to ride it
out and support it.
Degenerate Johnny says, I'm going to wait and see before I decide on Sony's VR system.
Past disappointing gaming experiences have led me to wait, think, and look before leaping
instead of taking leaps of faith.
It all depends on how the market looks at VR.
From what I'm seeing, it seems like this whole VR craze is a little too niche for comfort.
Of course, that can change if it has enough support from developers.
Rettertainment says, VR headsets strike me as the kind of thing I want to try for myself
before I buy it.
That's why I hope there's a HoloLens demo display set up at the Microsoft store or one
of the balls near me.
That way I can try it out, see how I like it, and hit up the Sbarro's for some pizza
while I think things over.
That's a plan.
As far as the PlayStation VR, I don't think there's a Sony store near me.
Maybe Best Buy can pick up the slack.
Yeah, you never know who they might partner with or they may just take the show on the
road.
They may get a truck out there to some malls near you.
Who knows?
Hopefully they have Sbarro's for entertainment.
Jordan T says, I'm very excited for VR but nervous about how it will be embraced.
One problem I think Sony may face is that by creating certain games only for VR, they
divide their potential customer base.
Well, the good news is, I'll say this, Jordan, Res, for example, and I think that 100-foot
robot game, they are meant for both.
So take that for what it is.
Anyway, I'm hoping this will lead to third-party companies that develop VR experiences that
can be ported to the many VR platforms because the alternative will be a future of VR-compatible
games, which will essentially just replace the right joystick with head movement and
add slight advantages like freedom of hand movement and driving and cockpit games and
so forth.
Hitstun says, looks like another Blu-ray versus HD DVD war coming on.
I'll wait for one VR technology to emerge as the standard on PC and buy that one.
The games might be worth it by them.
You know, Hitstun, I respect that opinion, but I just don't see that happening with Oculus
versus PlayStation VR.
Maybe with all the other stuff, but I really feel like the way Facebook is approaching
Oculus.
Okay, have you seen this on Facebook feeds yet?
That there's those 3D videos where you can move your phone around and you get the 3D,
like that's starting to show up on my feed.
Have you ever seen that come through on Facebook?
No.
Because I have.
And when I first saw that, I said, you know what this is?
This is the doorway into what's going to happen with Oculus.
So I kind of feel like Oculus is going to really have the support of events, you know,
concerts.
And not to say it's not going to have games.
But how do I take those photos?
Of course it's going to fucking have games.
However, they're doing it now.
They taped that Paul McCartney concert in the Cirque du Soleil thing I saw somehow.
I think there's specialized cameras that do it.
But anyway, I'm not saying that's the only thing Oculus is going to have, but that's
something that will differentiate it.
Whereas PlayStation VR, you know, being a dedicated gaming thing, it's going to have
a, one, it's going to have the baseline specs.
So you don't have to worry about, you know, will my computer run it or will it not be
good enough and all that stuff.
But also the whole fact, like when Shane was describing the games where you saw one thing
on VR and you saw another thing on the TV and that led to some co-op experiences, I
don't think that's something that's planned for Oculus.
So I do see some differences between them.
But to be fair, to hit Stunt's point, I do totally see the point where it's going to
be a very hard sell to convince somebody they need to spend $400 for an Oculus and who knows
$400 or whatever it ends up being for a PlayStation VR.
So by that nature, yes, there's probably going to be a little competition because most
people aren't going to be able to break it down the way I just did, where there are some
differences.
The average consumer, if that makes sense.
It's going to be VR is VR.
So with respect to that, I totally get your point hits done.
All right.
Let's go over to me coughing and then we'll go over to Google Plus and read some of the
answers over there.
Actually, Tigerclaw in chat over at live.vognetware.com says you mean the YouTube videos.
YouTube had that 360 Warcraft video and they had one for The Force Awakens recently.
Actually, maybe it's the same thing, but I swear it was on my Facebook feed and it wasn't
a YouTube.
It was A Force Awakens.
It was like a pod race or something.
You can actually like look around.
So I was like, I'm pretty sure that was something that's going to be coming for Oculus.
And by the way, chatters to the rescue.
Some folks in chat saying the song that I misplayed used to be what I would play when
I read tweets more regularly, which by the way, I never really eliminated tweets.
It's just that I still read them all the time.
I just don't necessarily do them all on the show just because we have all these other
segments like reading the answers on Google Plus, of which there's one from ActDeft who
says the moment they showed Rez in there and for PlayStation VR, they pretty much sold
it for me.
I need it.
And I'm sure when ActDeft heard Shane's review earlier tonight, that probably just cemented
it for what it's worth.
All right.
So there you go.
The FUGL question of the week.
Have you made any decision on PlayStation VR yet, Loki?
No, I have to see how much of it is.
Yeah, price is going to be a big deal.
And what games are for it.
I mean, I like Rez and everything, but I'm not buying it just for Rez.
And again, back to the whole HD DVD and Blu-ray war, even though I do definitely see the
differences in the two VR, I do feel like I have to choose which one I want.
I do feel like I'm going to end up getting one of them and I'm kind of leaning towards
PlayStation VR at the moment simply because I am more of a gamer.
But I do need to see what those games look like.
And I don't really want to...
I feel weird counting Oculus out because I don't think I should do that.
So we'll see what happens in the coming months.
2016 is going to be a very interesting year.
Very interesting year.
Let's get back to some news, Loki.
All right.
So Sony has revealed that they're going to be putting...
Hey, you were looking to play some PlayStation 2 titles on your PlayStation 4.
Well, hey, we've got those coming for you.
Although it's not exactly how you might think it would be.
Instead of being able to play your old games that you may have on disk or purchased as
PS2 classics on your PlayStation 3, you get to buy them again.
And they're going to be putting them out on PlayStation 4.
They're going to be adding some support for trophies.
Also, the games have been up-rendered to 1080p.
And they have share play, remote play, live broadcasts, activity feeds, all that fun stuff.
And second screen support for manuals on Vita or on the PlayStation app.
And they're going to be priced between at least the first ones that came out, $9.99 and $14.99.
I was really surprised this ended up being like a footnote at PlayStation's conference.
They didn't...
I think it's a terrible way to do it.
Yeah, you're not a fan?
Not a fan at all.
Even with three Grand Theft Auto games?
I don't even give a shit because you know why?
Because I'm not buying those games again.
I have Grand Theft Auto on disk.
And the fact that Microsoft is able to pull it off where they can play their games and everything.
Fuck, you can play...
I mean, I'm not talking necessarily PlayStation 2,
but like PlayStation 1 games, you can play those on a PSP.
Why the hell do we not have emulation to support this yet?
And why do I have to rebuy these stupid games?
I understand that they're adding the functionality.
Devil's advocate, they are adding some new things.
Okay, okay.
I don't need the fucking trophy support.
And let's put it this way.
I mean, the streaming and everything, that's just what you do on your system.
I don't see why that's something that needs to be added.
And they have streaming support on the Xbox.
So I don't get it.
Like, how about giving me the option?
How about, hey...
Well, of course it's not gonna give you the option because then you're gonna, you know,
just pick the ones you already have.
But like, I bought, you know, Twisted Mail Black already for like five bucks.
I've got that in my library, but I can't play it until I buy it again.
And let's be honest, I even watched like the videos that they had.
It doesn't look that much better up res to 1080p.
And maybe that's why ultimately this ended up being a footnote.
Because maybe this is something that was planned for a while,
but then when Microsoft came out with their thing,
maybe PlayStation is having to re-evaluate their strategy,
or they're just gonna stick to the whole, you know, we don't think people really want it.
So they're kind of putting out maybe whatever they finished and gotten the rights for.
But maybe this is just gonna be something that there's only ever a handful of them that show up.
I guess sales will dictate a large part of that, but I have to admit,
I mean, I'm not really super impressed with the launch lineup.
I mean, I get it.
Grand Theft Auto is obviously a huge-
Same dress is a great game, but like, I just, it doesn't, I'm sorry.
It's not, it, it doesn't, it shows its age.
Let's put it that way.
And upresing at the 1080p does not help.
Like, a perfect example would be Final Fantasy 7.
Okay, I bought Final Fantasy 7, the PC version for Steam.
And yeah, everything's upresed, but it looks like shit, you know, upresed.
It's not like, oh hey, you know, the models look better and everything, you know,
they redid it, kind of like, you know, those HD collections and stuff.
It looks like crap.
Like, and that's cool.
If you want to do like the HD remakes or whatever,
or HD-ified versions of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas,
where it looks better, and hey, let's add some multiplayer into that,
would be nice.
Or hell, if you want to do like, you know, the Grand Theft Auto PSP games,
upres that a little bit and add the multiplayer,
because it did have multiplayer originally, just local multiplayer,
but make it, you know, available for everybody.
That would be cool.
I'd purchase those again, but I'm not going to buy Twisted Metal Black again
to play it on PlayStation 4.
I'll play it on PlayStation 3.
Fair enough.
I guess they do have to convince people to part with that sum of money.
I wonder if these games aren't going to end up being PlayStation Plus giveaways
in the near future.
Hey, that's cool.
I kind of feel like they're sandbagging for that.
If they want to do that, then that's fine.
I'll accept that.
I'll play Twisted Metal Black when it comes out free.
So maybe a positive note to end on there.
Who knows?
All right.
Hey, so VR is going to really rely on the games that come out for it, right?
So getting the third-party publishers on board, pretty important.
Or you have some problems, like maybe what the Wii U was going through
before it had, you know, a library of Nintendo-created games.
But some good news for VR.
It looks like EA is looking into this.
And that's because DICE has started hiring some engineers and creative folk
to bring VR support to the Frostbite engine,
which is, you know, EA's engine that they use for.
I think that's what's in Dragon Age Origins.
And what is going to be for Mass Effect Andromeda is the Mirror's Edge game.
Pretty much everything's Frostbite now.
When I think of what could go to VR, I think about Mirror's Edge.
But then again, that game might be too...
Battlefield, Battlefront.
I think I want to say that even their sports games are using Frostbite now.
Some of those games might be too fast.
Like Mirror's Edge might be like a barfy VR game.
You know, you'd have to tailor the experience, but you never know.
So anyway, technical director Johanna Anderson was asked about this.
Said it was a small and collaborative team.
So don't expect anything big yet.
But maybe this is them testing the waters.
Maybe get some pet projects out there after all, as Jamie was saying earlier.
Katamari Damacy kind of started as a project out of a school-related thing.
So there is that.
So anyhow, EA seems to be plotting something.
So we'll see what comes of that maybe at E3 this next year.
All right, Loki.
All right.
So apparently Capcom's decided, hey, you know what?
We're gonna go ahead and trademark Onomusha.
Maybe they're gonna be putting out another game.
Or doing like some sort of remaster.
Or maybe they're trademarking this so they can release this as a PlayStation 2 title.
I mean, I don't know at this point.
But all we know that they have trademarked it.
It's...
I don't know.
But I guess they were saying that also...
They have the Onomusha Soul, which is a browser game.
But they're saying that it was ported to the PlayStation platforms in Japan.
So hopefully it's not necessarily that.
But hey, that'd be kind of cool if they didn't do a new Onomusha game.
I'd like to know kind of what Capcom's up to outside of Street Fighter right now.
So that would be pretty cool if Onomusha is what they end up returning with.
We'll see.
Would you pick up a new Onomusha game?
Is that something you'd be interested in?
Never a series I got into.
Yeah?
Fair enough.
I don't know if this is a series that might interest you.
But you know, we're liking to remake a lot of old PlayStation 3 stuff for the new generation.
For PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and of course PC.
And it appears that Dead Island could be the next target for that sort of treatment.
There's a Dutch retailer that has apparently listed a redo version of Dead Island
for 39.99 euro.
That's about $40 our currency.
No release date or anything.
It's published though by Metro redo publisher Deep Silver.
So I mean it does kind of all add up that if Metro got one and this is a Deep Silver game too.
This could very well happen.
I wonder if it would be the first one and Riptide kind of together.
And I wonder if they'd fix some of the bugs.
Because when I played Dead Island Riptide it was pretty buggy.
So we'll see.
But that could be interesting.
Especially if the price is lower.
And again I'm theorizing it could be the first game and the second game.
But who knows it may just be the first game.
So we'll see.
It could look really good visually though if they get it with the 60 frames a second and all that stuff.
All right Brad from Pod Culture over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I love Dead Island and I'd kill for a Left 4 Dead remake.
You know I'd like to see Valve put out something with the number 3 in it.
Like Left 4 Dead 3.
Or Left 3 Dead for all I care.
I would like to see them put out something.
Yeah Valve's been so quiet.
There's Dota but that's...
That was huge but I'd like to see something new.
Yeah.
Just something.
What's going on Valve?
Gabe you never call you never write?
What's going on?
Unless they're planning like something like the orange box where they're just
going to drop a whole bunch of shit on us at once which could be...
I don't know.
It might be overload.
We'll see.
All right let's get into the mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails to our email address.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
And usually DarkSakura dives in the mailbag and picks out her favorite emails but tonight
it's me.
DarkSakura's not here so I'm going to do the emails for you guys.
So let's get into it.
We have a few emails tonight so I'm going to try to get through these since we're already
running along here.
But let's get to our first email tonight which is from Sam Shepherd who says,
Hello OLR crew.
I love the show.
Are any of you looking forward to backward compatibility?
Would any of you have purchased the Xbox One and or the PlayStation 4 sooner if backwards
compatibility was available at launch?
What gets me is that in the beginning of this console generation back compatibility was
thought to be impossible.
Why do you think Microsoft and Sony are all of a sudden able to make back compatibility
happen with such ease?
Thank you.
Love Sam Shepherd.
Thank you for the email.
Well I don't think they have.
I mean they've had their basics.
Sony clearly hasn't.
Well actually I take that back.
I kind of think Sony's plan has always been this PlayStation Now thing.
I kind of think that's their thing but so it seems weird that they haven't seen me taking
off though it's not having that appeal that like Netflix has like I don't see that as
a service like oh my God I need to I'm gonna go on there and like just be blown away about
the amount of games that are on there and if they got PS2 and PS1 games in there too
which I thought they were supposed to do.
So I don't know Sony's Sony's sending a lot of mixed signals on backwards compatibility
right now and I think that's why a lot of us are confused.
So I don't know I'm not sure I'm understanding what the hell Sony is doing but I always thought
as far as the tech was concerned Sony was just going to solve that through the streaming
thing but the streaming thing you know where that really shines is SharePlay and that whole
thing I mean that that's great because of the streaming so it's kind of funny that I
use that way more than I probably would use PlayStation now so kind of interesting.
But as far as Xbox One that is interesting how that popped up later and you know your
question was why do you think they all of a sudden are able to make it happen with such
ease because they put effort into it because Microsoft got clobbered and they needed something
to really kind of differentiate themselves from PlayStation and you'll notice that when
they sell the backwards compatibility thing they're not afraid to take the dig that
oh well your existing Xbox 360 games are playable and you don't have to rebuy them
who does that you know that type of things that's where that's Microsoft's whole thing
and to their credit I mean good for them I mean seriously and and the other thing too
is that they're doing those X the their version of the PlayStation Plus free games or whatever
yeah in the games of gold and hey you own an Xbox One guess what those Xbox 360 games are
giving away free those work as well yeah so I have to say Microsoft kind of has a great
plan with that and something I really appreciate and if they had done this at launch it might have
swayed me on a Xbox One a lot sooner than I ended up getting one the only thing is that the library
does still feel really limited and I hope when they talk about expanding it I really hope they
aren't just blowing smoke up our ass because I feel like the Xbox 360 with the original Xbox
they expanded it like twice and then it was done a lot of these really big things and they promised
to like make you know really support it and get behind it game room thousands of games the
original backwards compatibility yeah you know Xbox that's why I still have caution this cautionist
optimism with that um here's the big thing though is that I think the guy running Xbox now
is way better and knows what he's doing way more than uh Don Mattrick did and sorry for the shade
but it's just it's obvious and I kind of think backwards compatibility didn't start
until the the changing of the guards at Microsoft and I think it was uh on an agenda that it wasn't
on before and I think that I mean because when did Microsoft start making better decisions when
Don Mattrick was gone and I I you know I kind of feel bad kicking that guy but I mean it's just
that's the reality when he left things got better yeah so anyway there it is our long-winded answer
to your email but hey thanks for the email I appreciate that let's get to another email
tonight from uh Raginator uh hi everyone as per usual it's Raginator after listening to the last
show's podcast dated 1122 and having heard your responses to my last email I thought I should
follow up with responses and clarifications just a reminder thank you because it has been two weeks
my last email dealt with my eventual purchase of a gaming PC plus the idea for Loki regarding the
rocket-propelled asplosing weasels I like the idea about Newegg I'm gonna truncate this a little bit
because it's long I went through them once or twice before it didn't occur to me to look at
Newegg again while I agree wholeheartedly that building a PC would make sense from a financial
standpoint there's several issues regarding that namely aside from upgrading a PlayStation 3's
hard drive I have no knowledge direct or indirect pertaining to building PCs never built one before
nor watched anyone do it before I'm gonna interject real quick guess what you have a resource out
there where you can watch anyone do almost anything and it's called YouTube and I have
learned how to do some crazy shit on YouTube you can learn how to bake things sometimes by
drunk people you can learn how to fix weed whackers and lawn mowers you can learn how to
fix the I've used it to learn because my car's windshield wiper blade has this weird lock thing
on it like in my old car was super easy to change the blades and on this one it's a lot harder and
YouTube showed me how to do it so just the thought rage nator if you're able to do it from where
you're accessing internet now YouTube some tutorials and yes you can watch somebody build
it and it's I mean it's it seems daunting but it's not too difficult I mean it's really there's
not a lot of moving parts there mm-hmm it's just kind of plugging some stuff together that's it
don't break anything and he goes on to talk about his comfort level and he doesn't have a background
in it and so forth and he figures by being he'd be better buying off building a pre-built PC
and over time easing his way into that area by learning a little over time and you know what I
think I said this two weeks ago and I say it again there's no shame in doing that if that's
what you got to do you got to make the decision that's best for you and if you got to get a pre-built
PC it's going to work it'll be it'll meet your needs it might have a lot of adware and bullshit
on it but you'll figure out how to deactivate all that stuff it'll be fine Loki did mention
possibly getting a laptop at this point I want to shy away from that granted laptops are portable
but the thing is that from what I've seen and heard aside from RAM and internal hard drive
you really can't upgrade a laptop not only that but all the laptops I've previously seen had
integrated graphics I'd want something with a dedicated and beefy GPU and video card you can
get that you can get that with a laptop but I do feel like you make a valid point otherwise
so it's a fair thing to consider Rob did make a good point where I tend to play a lot of games
on Steam like Magic etc stuff that will fall under the umbrella of casual games that aren't resource
hogs the thing is although I do like games like that that's not all I'm interested in as it stands
there's games on my Steam library like Portal 2 that crash within seconds at most of my $400
laptop other games like Saints Row 4, Injustice and so on they run poorly so if I don't have
anyone to help me build a PC I want to build something that can play fairly beefy games so
well good luck to you Rage Nator I appreciate the follow-up and again I don't know how much access
to YouTube you have but that could help with the tutorial but at the same time if you end up having
to go with a PC in a box go for it but don't be afraid to ask questions you know don't buy the
first PC in a box or the one that matches descriptions ask questions and you know what
a question is that you should ask how easy is this to upgrade this machine myself and listen
carefully to the answer because you may get an answer that talks about how you can upgrade the
machine yourself but you may also get an answer that is well you can call and order a part and
you know and they try to lock you into and I would shy away from that if you're gonna have to buy
something from within the same ecosystem so just a food for thought I really think though with any
machine you really can upgrade the parts yourself it just might be kind of hard because I did have
a gateway I did buy a computer in a box once because I had a lot of the same reservations
you had and I remember replacing the video card it was a pain in the ass because it didn't really
fit in there right but we did it eventually I think we ended up burning not burning metal
bending metal metal in the process but we made it happen
uh SG100Matt in our chat says research research research you have to do research you could email
the show a dozen times but you won't know unless you research yourself fair enough I'm sure he's
doing some research already uh Martin emailing us tonight uh from uh Belgium Belgium he says
Martin the Belgian here although he's not actually in Belgium anymore he moved to the States a while
ago remember I think he said he's in Atlanta because I remember you saying why didn't you
go to Dragon Con uh Martin the Belgian here it seems like an eternity since you guys have been
on the air yeah that's not going to get any better I apologize but here we are listen to this show
half and half make it last uh starting to miss listening to you while you're at work hope you
guys had a great Thanksgiving I wanted to mention how excited I was at my first Black Friday video
game deal since I moved to the States I picked up Until Dawn for $20 at Best Buy that's a hell
of a deal and I didn't even have to trample or stab anyone to get it just ordered it online
very happy about this because I wanted to check this game out but not a full price
you guys kind of make fun of Best Buy sometimes and I agree that to some extent however for gamers
they have this membership card that is actually awesome and this doesn't ever get mentioned it's
$30 for a two-year membership and gives you 20% off all new games new as in not secondhand this
basically means all $60 games are by default $48 all the time over time this can save you a ton of
money I'm not affiliated with Best Buy in any way I just want to mention this as some people
might not know about this and video games are expensive you know it's really funny you bring
this up how do you think I got Xenoblade Chronicles X you know it's ironic too about all that too
having worked in the video game industry $48 is cost for most games yeah so they're selling it at
cost so or below cost so their profit is purely from coming from that card and anything else that
you get in Best Buy at the time interesting uh I want to say this though you know what's
interesting um I got Xenoblade Chronicles X but Shane gets the games for me and he'll get two
copies and he gets them for $48 and then I just give him cash you know because he knows I'm good
for it we probably should sign up for that I mean I just have I'm too lazy to go he's actually
yelled at me like why did you order that on Amazon because I can get it for you for 48 bucks so uh
yeah it's it's it is a pretty good program I must admit so um do you know of any other
good ways to save on console games there's steam sales of course but for consoles it's
a bit more difficult no that's actually I mean just keep an eye on for the sales like I just
purchased um Wolfenstein the new order for $10 they had it on sale during the their flash sales
that they do on the Playstation store and that's how I get a lot of my games I got like I just
wait you know I don't get stuff right away I got Battlefield 4 for $10 a while back I haven't
played very much of it but I still bought it you know and I kind of shop that way I just wait for
stuff to go on sale if you don't already have one get a Twitter account and follow gamers because
usually if there's a really good need to know about sale it gets tweeted about a million times
otherwise the internet is a great resource for all that stuff um I know a lot of people use that
cheap ass gamer site which has forums uh where somebody like posts target ads and Walmart ads
and all that stuff like every week um so I know that's a good way that's kind of like an all-in-one
type of resource so um but yeah if you don't have a Twitter account get one and follow uh gaming
accounts and uh probably that cheap ass gamer probably has a Twitter account and I imagine
they put the best stuff on there yes they do yeah so because I'm like I'm pretty sure I've seen
their retweets before so yeah there you go so uh internet research would be our suggestion
one more thing from Martin here another thing I recall Rob mentioning that Rob Roberts is his
radio name last show Rob Roberts is not his real name it's not I've been listening to you guys on
and off probably for about 10 years and never realized this mind blown well Martin then I'm
doing it right keep up the great show Martin again it's about separating the radio life from
the work life two separate lives all right uh we still have some more emails here we have a short
one here from Emily hi Emily thanks for the email who emails us tonight Rob asked last week about
our usernames and what they mean I have been using mere muse for at least 15 years it comes from an
episode of Batman the animated series in the episode a rich crazy man believes he is Thor
when Batman shows up he decides Batman is his brother Hades of the underworld
Thor's lawyer or accountant was in the room and he mumbles something talking to Hades away from
these mere muses the lady slams her briefcase shut and mumbles yep that's me just a muse I've
been using the name since that's me just a mere muse I like that story uh for a while when I was
younger and naive I was learning to read tarot cards I use seek 21 it is the last card of the
major arcana and it is known as the world so seek 21 meant seek the world oh that's pretty cool
I had some friends that were into that a long time ago the tarot card stuff so
that's really cool thank you for sharing the story and I saw a few more you uh post on the
Fugu question of the week so I appreciate that I did read all those and I always find those
stories really fascinating all right one more email from yyr so it's long but not as long as
he usually makes them and of course he's starting off hello lr starts off rob I've got a bone to
pick with you and the email's done I'm just kidding uh why do you gotta hate on toad and
super mario brothers too because he sucks uh toad is my go-to guy for almost every level because
he's the fastest and I don't have to wait an hour for him to pick stuff up a year if we're talking
about the princess toad is the man by the way if you haven't picked up captain toad for Wii U I
highly recommend it it's great but it's even better if you play it with someone else two heads
are better than one for some of the trickier puzzles I do have captain toad and captain toad
is a lot of fun uh but I do still want to say I have an irrational hatred for toadette uh that I
think has come up on this show before uh that probably dates back to mario kart double dash
um I just I really don't like toadette um but here's it's the jump thing he can't jump for crap
that's why I don't like toad and super mario brothers too Luigi he's the man he does his
little flappy legs he's like he does little kinky legs and he can fly and he practically
floats too if you you know what you're doing when you're playing luigi so I don't like toad
because even though he's tiny he doesn't float so there's there's my my opinion deal with it
uh oh he has some advice on reginator's new pc when the program world network was still a thing
and 2d x 20 was coming out it required a major hardware update as it was the first hd version
of 2d x I actually volunteered to build a computer for an arcade in queens new york
I'd never built one before but I also had realized how much easier the process had become over the
years it's now so easy even I can do it and I've been described by others as mechanically inept
which is accurate you're essentially snapping a motherboard in a case snapping a cpu and some ram
into it plugging in a power supply then installing a hard drive and a dvd or blu-ray drive as a
cinch see but you you did just name like four steps so it's all right I agree though it's a
lot easier than it used to be uh finally you have to drop in a video card and you're finished that
is literally everything you have to do youtube has tons of videos on all of this it's so funny
we thought the same thing there it was so easy that then I built another computer for myself
afterwards with a modest video card and intel cpu and I couldn't be happier I run bimani and steam
games on it and it costs less than 450 in total I would encourage anyone to try it even if you
are mechanically inept as I am but if you're absolutely against the idea I recommend buying
a general a decent general purpose computer making sure it has a full length PCI express
slot and then adding a video card of your choice lastly I want to announce that the multitasking
is through the first round of the selection process for the magfest indie video game showcase
oh I hope you get picked because I'll be at magfest uh for the second round I am required
to produce a demo and I've been warned that not all the judges may have xbox 360 controllers
so I've added keyboard controls does that sound interesting uh it should because I'm now thinking
about the possibility of a pc version if there's any listeners who would like to try out this demo
and offer feedback I invite them to email me at yyr at yyr games.com um where's my demo where's
the demo attached to this email you forgot somebody yyr me me me me me hope you all had
an awesome thanksgiving and that you didn't blow all your money in the sales that followed
that was from yyr thank you all for the emails we had some good emails tonight that's the one good
thing about taking a show off is that then we have a lot of emails to come back to I did work
on my game for about one minute this entire two weeks no seriously I've been trying I've been
seriously like just scolding myself listen why aren't you working on the game why don't you
work in the but I'm just like so brain dead I can't I can't do it and I really want to
I kind of work want to work on something else but I do want to get my game done and I'm
gonna try harder to work on it you can do it I believe in you I need to get something out this
year that's my goals to get it done something out this year even if it's absolute shit even if it's
on the 31st of December and it probably will be at midnight all right well uh let's get
what an appropriate while we're beating ourselves up let's get to the FUs of the week
um I don't know I guess fu for some of the players I'm playing with for ingress you know it's
not their fault their best intentions you know they're trying to block the other team but I
spent two hours driving to auburn to create a field to go from auburn to shingle springs
and one of our team members blocked me on the way back from auburn when I said I was on my way back
from auburn and that I was going to do this in specifically outlined it he's like I kind of
fucked you I'm like a little bit at least got to see auburn is pretty but scary the as fuck driving
on those roads when the rain's coming down and wind and leaves it's like uh but yeah I wasted
two hours you should have 88 what he did at least you got unique no but I did myself no here's the
thing though I didn't realize it until I got to shingle springs and I would have had to drive back
another 45 minutes to go with ada that and then drive and I had to pick up my son anyways and
it's just like okay well had I known he had blocked me I wouldn't have driven the shingle
springs I would have just gone picked up my son so we needed to communicate better as a team I think
it's fucking us all right uh let's see my fu of the week goes to the fact that I was sick a month
ago and I'm still coughing and also to the fact that I I banged myself up real good a week ago
you guys and uh that was that was a shitty experience to go through today is the first
day where my lip finally has no pain even like a really really really dull pain but it was bad
uh like my two front teeth slammed into my lip and like you could see the impressions
that the teeth made in my lip it was crazy so ew but you know you didn't buy a chunk out of
your tongue like my sister did actually yeah actually in some ways I was really lucky that
I didn't have a worse injury honestly so I was I was very fortunate in that regard
so uh william murder face and chat over at live.vog network.com says rob did you get falcon
punched uh it felt like it definitely felt like it a couple more stories for you guys then we're
going to open up the skype line at 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio I do
want to warn you guys though if nobody calls then we're going to close shop because it's already
nine o'clock but I do want to at least give time for a few of you to get through so get ready to
call uh if you want to call uh loki so um apparently
namco is teaming up with hooters to bring some gaming like barcades I guess to japan
and I guess they're going to open this um it's called gaming bar side b and it's uh coming in
I guess shibuya on december 18th it features all you can eat um and game for 30 minutes
for 1500 yen and then I guess you know I don't know I like the idea of uh
busy japanese women I mean that that's a plus um however though if it's anything like the
hooters over here their food is fucking terrible so but I do like video games so
two out of best two out of three I guess right so yes uh and you know people don't go to hooters
for the food so it'll be nice to be able to go to hooters for the game and let's just say you know
if it's in japan the food might be better because they probably serve different type of food there
and it's probably not as crap as the food that we have here because I've tried hooters several times
sometimes mostly out of desperation because it was just it happened to be the location nearby
we wanted food and I've tried three different things and every single time it's fucking sucked
and it's been awkward and like uncomfortable and the food has been fucking terrible
yeah again we don't I haven't been in a while I think the last time I went was with my friend
victoria and it was just more of a just tip for the laughs type of thing and I was like
this isn't this isn't very good food but but the the servers are all really nice
yeah the servers are nice and I mean
it's just like you should take your boys there for a family dinner
they wouldn't care yeah they're not gonna care is it just
maybe nelly will have fun who knows all right uh moving on one more story for you guys tonight and
this is uh this be getting a lot of people talking this week uh project m you guys know about this
this was a super smash brothers melee uh it was like a mod uh that I'm sorry sorry not
not melee it was for the Wii version super smash brothers brawl that was modded uh but some people
liked what was in melee in the gamecube that remains the popular one uh a lot for a lot of
people uh Wii U isn't necessarily the go-to one for everybody so some folks retooled the
Wii version super smash brothers brawl to have more of the features like the gamecube version
and then they actually were putting in some extra characters as well although I think they did have
some rules to try and avoid legal uh squabbles with Nintendo like uh they didn't have Nintendo
characters that weren't already in the smash series I think uh something like that uh so yeah
um here's the thing though they abruptly ended the project and they said it was not a legal
takedown by Nintendo but they said it's been an excruciating call to make but it's been made a
bit easier by our satisfaction with the previous and final release 3.6 we spent six years polishing
project m and rather than let it drag on through another several years of dwindling development and
change fatigue in the competitive circle we're going to consider our work complete they go on
to say we can't spill the beans just yet but know that we're looking towards a fresh start with
brand new designs rather than splitting our focus many of us want to dedicate ourselves to this new
venture fully in this way we hope to maintain the level of quality and professionalism you've come
to expect from us so there it is they're gonna make their own game or something I wonder if they
won't make their own game uh but the interesting thing about project m it shows up in tournaments
and stuff like not anything on the super but you see the cons it was of basically it was just a
modded save file that you could load on an unmodded system you can just pop in the sd card
and load up the stage and away you go yeah so uh some uh interesting comments in chat over at live.vog
network.com uh william murderface says rumor is that nintendo was planning on dropping a massive
lawsuit around the time of their next patch we'll see uh act f says project m the reason why we
can't have nice things tiger claw says the problem is the smash melee community is a bunch of elitists
um kaijuta says i'm sure brawl had game exploits that those noobs want to hold on to so they don't
update wow all right uh and william murderface says then again high level gaming and elitism
seem to go hand in hand far too often i will admit i've never played project m i thought it was
fascinating that it went on as long as it did without getting shut down by nintendo i find that
extremely fascinating um but you know people got to do what they got to do for their own reasons
uh last night my buddy ended his show after 14 years project m wants to pull the plug after
six years that's their prerogative and maybe they have a different idea on what they want to do from
here on out so all right that's going to do it for news stories tonight we are now going to open up
the skype line over at 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio which is already
lighting up dang we're getting to it let's get to the phones hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this hey there's like death hey act f how you doing uh really great really great right now
good good to hear from you what's up well when when are you saying uh sorry when when are we
starting the petition to get the uh the rest rest infinity uh suits oh my god those suits they were
wearing on stage that kind of looked like that's what tron run r looks like is those suits that
were on the stage it looked uh it looked amazing um so yeah that was that was such a surprise to
see tetsuya mizuguchi in one of those uh suits as well because i don't think we've heard a lot from
him i thought i could be wrong i thought i heard he parted ways with his former studio that made
all the stuff like luminous and and all those q entertainment i so yeah maybe not because
rez entertainment would still kind of be that right so i don't know so maybe they've worked
something out i don't know but it was it was really a delight to see him yeah i was i was
really surprised to see the uh see him at the end of the of the video wearing the suit and all that
stuff uh many people didn't recognize him at first but i admittedly knew who he was and i was pretty
excited watching all the video i was i was like oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god uh i i really really wasn't that sold on playstation br but seen uh rest infinity
yeah i'm sold on it uh i'm pretty much getting it at one point at least but yeah and probably
hearing shane talk so enthusiastically about it probably only uh heightened that a little bit
i'm sure well and the other thing too i was sorry to interject um but like they showed off that ace
combat game which looked pretty awesome but that made me think i want a vr ridge racer game come on
me too actually i was thinking about the same thing where's my ridge racer br like seriously
now were you the one that had like a relative that was super into ace combat you were tweeting about
that that they were very yeah yeah yeah my brother uh who's uh sitting right next to me playing
destiny uh yeah he was pretty excited to see uh ace combat 7 especially with br too that series
has been dormant a while wasn't the last release on xbox 360 if i'm not mistaken it's been a little
while yeah well i think the last release was ace combat 6 or either one of the psp ones but yeah
but i think it was uh really oh yeah sorry no no he's correcting me right now assault
horizon was the last one oh right right right i was just thinking of the ones in the numbered
series but yeah yeah yeah okay yeah yeah that was released on pc and also 3ds also got it
well yeah that's exciting i mean i know they didn't show any gameplay from it but at least
it shows that you've got big studios because you know namco bandai is a pretty big developer
you know that are embracing the vr thing and then of course ubisoft showed that interesting vr thing
with the birds and all that um so and now we're hearing that ea might be kind of putting their
foot in the pool to see if if the temperature is good for them so uh be interesting to see what
comes that because yeah vr is going to really need the big triple a experiences that necessitate the
peripheral you know just kind of like the the we sold its concept on we sports uh playstation vr
needs its we sports and i'm not saying it literally needs a sports title but it needs a title like
that to really get people to buy in yeah hopefully it will get one uh it looks it's looking pretty
good i i like i said i wasn't that sold about though uh sorry though i there wasn't really
like a game to oh i i need to get playstation vr because of that for me right now it's pretty
much rest but hey my brother wants uh is combat by uh seven and there's other games like shane
talked about uh tonight that that sound really great there the at least uh he made it sound like
really great game so at least fun so yeah there's there's a lot to uh look forward to
uh on playstation vr and nakolas on all on all vr stuff that's pretty helpful too where like when
in the family it's like okay you guys can make an investment for your whole household because
you know that your brother will be into ace combat and you'll be into res and there's kind of like
that whole something for everyone so that diversity uh in the titles that you put out
there is very important as well yeah pretty much yeah awesome well anything else you want
to share with our listeners tonight before we let you go uh no that would be it all right
will you have a good one act def thanks for calling in hey thanks for having me anytime bye
bye all right 1877 game olr our username on skype orange lounge radio if you want to call in uh loki
i don't know if you have any last minute stories you know uh the game awards and and the uh
playstation thing really dominated the week there was a lot of tech i wanted to mention that
apparently platinum games is working on a ninja turtles game that's going to be based on the 80s
on the 80s cartoon um or they're saying that my that wasn't in rapid fire news i guess i
thought i'd slaughter that in rapid fire news not okay yes yes okay yeah i'm down for that
yeah yes i'm down for that that transformers game looks awesome it's just not something i
want to pay full price for right now but sure when it's on sale i am so down if they're going
to base it on the 80s cartoon because you know that's that's the one i'm really partial to of
course that's when i grew up never got into the new cartoon but yeah what well no i haven't gotten
really into the new cartoon oh yeah cartoon no i'm down to the 80s cartoon but no i haven't
i don't know yeah if you want to sell the game to 30 some things make it based on the 80s cartoon
that's what you're gonna have to do uh gi joe i mean i don't know how you would do a gi joe game
with platinum but i'd be done with that hell let's just do any 80s cartoon by platinum games
you can make all the 80s gem in the holograms by platinum games the misfits are gonna get her
uh one more shout out for calls see if anyone gets through i don't want to scare you guys off
you want to call please please uh get through i'd love to hear from you 1877 game olr username
on skype orange lounge radio uh remember we won't be here next week so uh it'll be two weeks for you
we can hear from you again so uh anything else loki for last minute stories wow that's pretty
much it is it um what about uh real quick i'll just kind of ask you overall with the game awards
we didn't really dig into a whole lot of the uh details about the news out of that i think
everything's kind of come up another conversation tonight but uh what did what do you i know you
didn't really watch the awards but what did you think about the whole thing itself do you think
a third year will be necessary do you think it'll continue i think they should do it i mean i didn't
think it was a bad show i mean it was fine i mean i didn't i really kind of skimmed it i watched the
trailer so that's really kind of what i wanted to see is the new game trailers um so i you know
checked out far cry primal it looks different not a game i'm gonna pick up but it looks interesting
i know a lot of people are kind of excited about that because it's a little bit of a different
take on far cry um so the batman telltale game looks pretty oh yeah that does that sounds awesome
um i don't know i mean there's a lot of stuff to be excited for i just hope a lot of the stuff
that's being announced isn't going to be delayed and and here's the thing i'm kind of noticing too
is like there's a lot of stuff that's coming out for 2016 like i don't realize that it's coming out
like maybe it's because i'm not like working in the industry anymore but like i just saw the a
release date for uh fire what was it fire watch or like um i think it's called fire watch that
is kind of like a stylistic indie game or something like that it's you know for the first
person and it looked interesting and then you know what next year they'll start delaying it all to
2017 and we'll be having this year's crackdown i do like crackdown i'm not gonna buy an xbox
one for just crackdown but it'll help it yeah yeah if it's good if it's good i i mean i i've
i'd still play it even if it's bad uh i want new saints row game i mean i i kind of didn't care
for the last thing i mean they're just like kind of really lazy but i would like a nice saints row
reboot would be nice uh some folks are commenting in chat on my gem reference with platinum games
bonds 006 says really rob and akuma jp says leave gem alone what if it was gem in the holograms the
80 cart 80s cartoon kicking the ass out of everybody involved with the new movie that
just came out and flopped maybe that would you be okay with that because that movie yeah wow
inspector gadget
like ridiculous that should be this is a little list list we're gonna have to do in the future
80s cartoon cartoon the platinum needs to make to a game i like it i love it all right uh since
nobody else is calling in i think we're gonna go ahead and shut down the skype line and uh call it
a show for the night uh thank you guys for tuning in and listening tonight uh hope you guys enjoyed
the show uh again i'm sorry we'll be here next week but uh you know don't be afraid to check
out some other indie podcasting don't replace us just add them to your schedule as well but then
come back to us in two weeks when we're back uh support independent broadcasting support the
hard-working people out there if you didn't like this show for whatever reason you still made it
all the way to the end uh at least check out another hard-working independent broadcaster out
there uh so many different styles and hard-working people out there for you to enjoy but if you did
like what you heard here at orange langereo please tell a friend or two about the show
word of mouth is all we've got and that's a big portion of why we're going to go to gx next week
and have a table there so we can talk to people spread word about uh not just olr but all the
great uh shows here at the voice of geeks network um so uh i guess it's time to go around to
everybody's final thought loki your final thought tonight i'm playing an unhealthy amount of ingress
on your way back no well just in general i didn't work more in my game at least you know i i i was
supposed to go do that uh 60 mission series there's a bunch of people who went downtown to
do the 60 mission series downtown that sounds like fun can't do it though well we if we could
set aside four and a half hours at some point we go it's only four and a half hours about to do
that it's not bad yeah we'll have to figure out a way to do that anyway uh here we are plotting
uh my final thought for the night is um i i am excited to con this weekend it's been since dragon
con i'm excited to see everybody this weekend i'm sorry to our audience that is too far away
to come to the convention who will miss us next week uh but you know what we do have i do want
to point out we have an archive of over 600 shows that you can listen to so hopefully you'll have
some entertainment through the next week and uh have a great hanukkah those you guys that celebrate
and uh good luck with your uh christmas shopping for those that have that to look forward to
or whatever it is you celebrate this holiday have a wonderful two weeks we'll be back in two weeks
to do this all again until then good night everybody and happy gaming you've been listening
to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live
show tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you